idx	label	sentence1	sentence2	lexical-semantics	predicate-argument-structure	logic	knowledge
0	not_entailment	The cat sat on the mat.	The cat did not sit on the mat.			Negation	
1	not_entailment	The cat did not sit on the mat.	The cat sat on the mat.			Negation	
2	not_entailment	"When you've got no snow, it's really hard to learn a snow sport so we looked at all the different ways I could mimic being on snow without actually being on snow."	"When you've got snow, it's really hard to learn a snow sport so we looked at all the different ways I could mimic being on snow without actually being on snow."			Negation	
3	not_entailment	"When you've got snow, it's really hard to learn a snow sport so we looked at all the different ways I could mimic being on snow without actually being on snow."	"When you've got no snow, it's really hard to learn a snow sport so we looked at all the different ways I could mimic being on snow without actually being on snow."			Negation	
4	not_entailment	"Out of the box, Ouya supports media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."	"Out of the box, Ouya doesn't support media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."			Negation	
5	not_entailment	"Out of the box, Ouya doesn't support media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."	"Out of the box, Ouya supports media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."			Negation	
6	entailment	"Out of the box, Ouya supports media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."	"Out of the box, Ouya supports Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."		Anaphora/Coreference		
7	entailment	"Out of the box, Ouya supports Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."	"Out of the box, Ouya supports media apps such as Twitch.tv and XBMC media player."		Anaphora/Coreference		
8	not_entailment	"Considering this definition, it is surprising to find frequent use of sarcastic language in opinionated user generated content."	"Considering this definition, it is not surprising to find frequent use of sarcastic language in opinionated user generated content."			Negation	
9	not_entailment	"Considering this definition, it is not surprising to find frequent use of sarcastic language in opinionated user generated content."	"Considering this definition, it is surprising to find frequent use of sarcastic language in opinionated user generated content."			Negation	
10	not_entailment	The new gaming console is affordable.	The new gaming console is unaffordable.	Morphological negation		Negation	
11	not_entailment	The new gaming console is unaffordable.	The new gaming console is affordable.	Morphological negation		Negation	
12	not_entailment	"Brexit is an irreversible decision, Sir Mike Rake, the chairman of WorldPay and ex-chairman of BT group, said as calls for a second EU referendum were sparked last week."	"Brexit is a reversible decision, Sir Mike Rake, the chairman of WorldPay and ex-chairman of BT group, said as calls for a second EU referendum were sparked last week."	Morphological negation		Negation	
13	not_entailment	"Brexit is a reversible decision, Sir Mike Rake, the chairman of WorldPay and ex-chairman of BT group, said as calls for a second EU referendum were sparked last week."	"Brexit is an irreversible decision, Sir Mike Rake, the chairman of WorldPay and ex-chairman of BT group, said as calls for a second EU referendum were sparked last week."	Morphological negation		Negation	
14	not_entailment	We built our society on unclean energy.	We built our society on clean energy.	Morphological negation		Negation	
15	not_entailment	We built our society on clean energy.	We built our society on unclean energy.	Morphological negation		Negation	
16	not_entailment	"Pursuing a strategy of nonviolent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	"Pursuing a strategy of violent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	Morphological negation		Negation	
17	not_entailment	"Pursuing a strategy of violent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	"Pursuing a strategy of nonviolent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	Morphological negation		Negation	
18	entailment	"Pursuing a strategy of nonviolent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	"Pursuing a strategy of protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."		Intersectivity		
19	not_entailment	"Pursuing a strategy of protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."	"Pursuing a strategy of nonviolent protest, Gandhi took the administration by surprise and won concessions from the authorities."		Intersectivity		
20	not_entailment	"And if both apply, they are essentially impossible."	"And if both apply, they are essentially possible."	Morphological negation		Negation;Conditionals	
21	not_entailment	"And if both apply, they are essentially possible."	"And if both apply, they are essentially impossible."	Morphological negation		Negation;Conditionals	
22	entailment	Writing Java is not too different from programming with handcuffs.	Writing Java is similar to programming with handcuffs.	Morphological negation		Double negation	
23	entailment	Writing Java is similar to programming with handcuffs.	Writing Java is not too different from programming with handcuffs.	Morphological negation		Double negation	
24	entailment	"The market is about to get harder, but not impossible to navigate."	"The market is about to get harder, but possible to navigate."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
25	entailment	"The market is about to get harder, but possible to navigate."	"The market is about to get harder, but not impossible to navigate."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
26	entailment	"Even after now finding out that it's animal feed, I won't ever stop being addicted to Flamin' Hot Cheetos."	"Even after now finding out that it's animal feed, I will never stop being addicted to Flamin' Hot Cheetos."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
27	entailment	"Even after now finding out that it's animal feed, I will never stop being addicted to Flamin' Hot Cheetos."	"Even after now finding out that it's animal feed, I won't ever stop being addicted to Flamin' Hot Cheetos."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
28	entailment	"He did not disagree with the party's position, but felt that if he resigned, his popularity with Indians would cease to stifle the party's membership."	"He agreed with the party's position, but felt that if he resigned, his popularity with Indians would cease to stifle the party's membership."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
29	entailment	"He agreed with the party's position, but felt that if he resigned, his popularity with Indians would cease to stifle the party's membership."	"He did not disagree with the party's position, but felt that if he resigned, his popularity with Indians would cease to stifle the party's membership."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
30	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would not be unexpected."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
31	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would not be unexpected."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."	Morphological negation		Double negation	
32	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, it would be expected to negatively impact the pipeline results."		Nominalization		
33	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, it would be expected to negatively impact the pipeline results."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."		Nominalization		
34	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, it would not be unexpected for it to negatively impact the pipeline results."	Morphological negation	Nominalization	Double negation	
35	entailment	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, it would not be unexpected for it to negatively impact the pipeline results."	"If the pipeline tokenization scheme does not correspond to the one that was used when a model was created, a negative impact on the pipeline results would be expected."	Morphological negation	Nominalization	Double negation	
36	not_entailment	The water is too hot.	The water is too cold.	Lexical entailment			
37	not_entailment	The water is too cold.	The water is too hot.	Lexical entailment			
38	not_entailment	"Falcon Heavy is the largest rocket since NASA's Saturn V booster, which was used for the Moon missions in the 1970s."	"Falcon Heavy is the smallest rocket since NASA's Saturn V booster, which was used for the Moon missions in the 1970s."	Lexical entailment			
39	not_entailment	"Falcon Heavy is the smallest rocket since NASA's Saturn V booster, which was used for the Moon missions in the 1970s."	"Falcon Heavy is the largest rocket since NASA's Saturn V booster, which was used for the Moon missions in the 1970s."	Lexical entailment			
40	not_entailment	"Adenoiditis symptoms often persist for ten or more days, and often include pus-like discharge from nose."	"Adenoiditis symptoms often pass within ten days or less, and often include pus-like discharge from nose."	Lexical entailment			
41	not_entailment	"Adenoiditis symptoms often pass within ten days or less, and often include pus-like discharge from nose."	"Adenoiditis symptoms often persist for ten or more days, and often include pus-like discharge from nose."	Lexical entailment			
42	not_entailment	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite difficult to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
43	not_entailment	In example (1) it is quite difficult to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
44	entailment	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite easy to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
45	entailment	In example (1) it is quite easy to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
46	not_entailment	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite important to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
47	not_entailment	In example (1) it is quite important to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	In example (1) it is quite straightforward to see the exaggerated positive sentiment used in order to convey strong negative feelings.	Lexical entailment			
48	entailment	Some dogs like to scratch their ears.	Some animals like to scratch their ears.	Lexical entailment		Upward monotone	
49	not_entailment	Some animals like to scratch their ears.	Some dogs like to scratch their ears.	Lexical entailment		Upward monotone	
50	not_entailment	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" various plans that confer legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" various bills that confer legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."			Upward monotone	World knowledge
51	entailment	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" various bills that confer legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" various plans that confer legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."			Upward monotone	World knowledge
52	entailment	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Some of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
53	not_entailment	Some of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
54	entailment	"In many developed areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."	"In many areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
55	not_entailment	"In many areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."	"In many developed areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
56	entailment	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider some words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
57	not_entailment	We consider some words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
58	not_entailment	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider all context words as positive examples and sample many negatives at random from the dictionary.	Quantifiers			
59	not_entailment	We consider all context words as positive examples and sample many negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	Quantifiers			
60	not_entailment	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider many context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	Quantifiers			
61	entailment	We consider many context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider some context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	Quantifiers			
62	not_entailment	We consider all context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider all words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
63	entailment	We consider all words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.	We consider all context words as positive examples and sample negatives at random from the dictionary.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
64	not_entailment	All dogs like to scratch their ears.	All animals like to scratch their ears.	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
65	entailment	All animals like to scratch their ears.	All dogs like to scratch their ears.	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
66	entailment	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" any plan that confers legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" any bill that confers legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."			Downward monotone	World knowledge
67	not_entailment	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" any bill that confers legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."	"Cruz has frequently derided as ""amnesty"" any plan that confers legal status or citizenship on people living in the country illegally."			Downward monotone	World knowledge
68	not_entailment	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	None of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
69	not_entailment	None of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
70	not_entailment	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	All of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
71	not_entailment	All of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Most of the graduates of my program have moved on to other things because the jobs suck.	Quantifiers			
72	entailment	"In all areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."	"In all developed areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
73	not_entailment	"In all developed areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."	"In all areas, human activity has changed the form of river channels, altering magnitudes and frequencies of flooding."		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
74	entailment	Tom and Adam were whispering in the theater.	Tom and Adam were whispering quietly in the theater.	Redundancy			
75	entailment	Tom and Adam were whispering quietly in the theater.	Tom and Adam were whispering in the theater.	Redundancy			
76	not_entailment	Tom and Adam were whispering in the theater.	Tom and Adam were whispering loudly in the theater.	Redundancy			
77	entailment	Tom and Adam were whispering loudly in the theater.	Tom and Adam were whispering in the theater.	Redundancy			
78	entailment	"Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card by selecting five people they want to dance with."	"Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card by selecting five different people they want to dance with."	Redundancy			
79	entailment	"Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card by selecting five different people they want to dance with."	"Prior to the dance, which is voluntary, students are told to fill out a card by selecting five people they want to dance with."	Redundancy			
80	entailment	"Notifications about Farmville and other crap had become unbearable, then the shift to the non-chronological timeline happened and the content from your friends started to be replaced by ads and other cringy wannabe-viral campaigns."	"Notifications about Farmville and other crappy apps had become unbearable, then the shift to the non-chronological timeline happened and the content from your friends started to be replaced by ads and other cringy wannabe-viral campaigns."	Redundancy			
81	entailment	"Notifications about Farmville and other crappy apps had become unbearable, then the shift to the non-chronological timeline happened and the content from your friends started to be replaced by ads and other cringy wannabe-viral campaigns."	"Notifications about Farmville and other crap had become unbearable, then the shift to the non-chronological timeline happened and the content from your friends started to be replaced by ads and other cringy wannabe-viral campaigns."	Redundancy			
82	entailment	Chicago City Hall is the official seat of government of the City of Chicago.	Chicago City Hall is the official seat of government of Chicago.	Redundancy			
83	entailment	Chicago City Hall is the official seat of government of Chicago.	Chicago City Hall is the official seat of government of the City of Chicago.	Redundancy			
84	entailment	"The question generation aspect is unique to our formulation, and corresponds roughly to identifying what semantic role labels are present in previous formulations of the task."	"The question generation aspect is unique to our formulation, and corresponds roughly to identifying what semantic role labels are present in previous other formulations of the task."	Redundancy			
85	entailment	"The question generation aspect is unique to our formulation, and corresponds roughly to identifying what semantic role labels are present in previous other formulations of the task."	"The question generation aspect is unique to our formulation, and corresponds roughly to identifying what semantic role labels are present in previous formulations of the task."	Redundancy			
86	entailment	John ate pasta for dinner.	John ate pasta for supper.	Lexical entailment			
87	entailment	John ate pasta for supper.	John ate pasta for dinner.	Lexical entailment			
88	not_entailment	John ate pasta for dinner.	John ate pasta for breakfast.	Lexical entailment			
89	not_entailment	John ate pasta for breakfast.	John ate pasta for dinner.	Lexical entailment			
90	entailment	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems from fellow Republicans dissatisfied with his leadership.	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems from fellow Republicans unhappy with his leadership.	Lexical entailment			
91	entailment	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems from fellow Republicans unhappy with his leadership.	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems from fellow Republicans dissatisfied with his leadership.	Lexical entailment			
92	not_entailment	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems uniquely from fellow Republicans dissatisfied with his leadership.	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems uniquely from fellow Republicans supportive of his leadership.	Lexical entailment			
93	not_entailment	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems uniquely from fellow Republicans supportive of his leadership.	House Speaker Paul Ryan was facing problems uniquely from fellow Republicans dissatisfied with his leadership.	Lexical entailment			
94	entailment	I can actually see him climbing into a Lincoln saying this.	I can actually see him getting into a Lincoln saying this.	Lexical entailment			
95	entailment	I can actually see him getting into a Lincoln saying this.	I can actually see him climbing into a Lincoln saying this.	Lexical entailment			
96	not_entailment	I can actually see him climbing into a Lincoln saying this.	I can actually see him climbing into a Mazda saying this.	Lexical entailment			
97	not_entailment	I can actually see him climbing into a Mazda saying this.	I can actually see him climbing into a Lincoln saying this.	Lexical entailment			
98	entailment	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative effect on other characters.	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative impact on other characters.	Lexical entailment			
99	entailment	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative impact on other characters.	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative effect on other characters.	Lexical entailment			
100	not_entailment	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative effect on other characters.	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative correlation with other characters.	Lexical entailment			
101	not_entailment	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative correlation with other characters.	The villain is the character who tends to have a negative effect on other characters.	Lexical entailment			
102	entailment	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing typically needs a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
103	entailment	Semantic parsing typically needs a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
104	not_entailment	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing typically creates a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
105	not_entailment	Semantic parsing typically creates a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
106	not_entailment	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing infrequently creates a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
107	not_entailment	Semantic parsing infrequently creates a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Semantic parsing typically requires using a set of operations to query the knowledge base and process the results.	Lexical entailment			
108	entailment	John broke the window.	The window was broken by John.		Active/Passive		
109	entailment	The window was broken by John.	John broke the window.		Active/Passive		
110	not_entailment	John broke the window.	The window broke John.		Active/Passive		
111	not_entailment	The window broke John.	John broke the window.		Active/Passive		
112	entailment	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio	Former senior Justice Department officials were asked for information by Mueller's team.		Active/Passive		
113	entailment	Former senior Justice Department officials were asked for information by Mueller's team.	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio		Active/Passive		
114	not_entailment	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio	Mueller’s team was asked for information by former senior Justice Department official		Active/Passive		
115	not_entailment	Mueller’s team was asked for information by former senior Justice Department official	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio		Active/Passive		
116	not_entailment	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio	Mueller’s team was asked for informatio		Active/Passive		
117	not_entailment	Mueller’s team was asked for informatio	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio		Active/Passive		
118	not_entailment	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio	Former senior Justice Department officials weren't asked for information.		Active/Passive	Negation	
119	not_entailment	Former senior Justice Department officials weren't asked for information.	Mueller’s team asked former senior Justice Department officials for informatio		Active/Passive	Negation	
120	entailment	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he asked Congress to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.	Everyone should be afraid of the part when Congress was asked to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.		Active/Passive		
121	entailment	Everyone should be afraid of the part when Congress was asked to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he asked Congress to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.		Active/Passive		
122	not_entailment	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he asked Congress to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he was asked to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.		Active/Passive		
123	not_entailment	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he was asked to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.	Everyone should be afraid of the part when he asked Congress to allow his cabinet secretaries to terminate whoever they want.		Active/Passive		
124	entailment	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	"Seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects, are eaten by cape sparrows."		Active/Passive		
125	entailment	"Seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects, are eaten by cape sparrows."	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Active/Passive		
126	not_entailment	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	"Cape sparrows are eaten by seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Active/Passive		
127	not_entailment	"Cape sparrows are eaten by seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Active/Passive		
128	not_entailment	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	Cape sparrows are eaten.		Active/Passive		
129	not_entailment	Cape sparrows are eaten.	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Active/Passive		
130	not_entailment	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	Soft plant parts and insects eat seeds.		Prepositional phrases		
131	not_entailment	Soft plant parts and insects eat seeds.	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Prepositional phrases		
132	entailment	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."	Soft plant parts and insects are eaten.		Active/Passive;Prepositional phrases		
133	not_entailment	Soft plant parts and insects are eaten.	"Cape sparrows eat seeds, along with soft plant parts and insects."		Active/Passive;Prepositional phrases		
134	entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Knowledge bases are populated with facts from unstructured text corpora by relation extraction systems.		Active/Passive		
135	entailment	Knowledge bases are populated with facts from unstructured text corpora by relation extraction systems.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
136	entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Knowledge bases are populated by relation extraction systems with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
137	entailment	Knowledge bases are populated by relation extraction systems with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
138	not_entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems are populated by knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
139	not_entailment	Relation extraction systems are populated by knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
140	not_entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems are populated with facts from unstructured text corpora by knowledge bases.		Active/Passive		
141	not_entailment	Relation extraction systems are populated with facts from unstructured text corpora by knowledge bases.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.		Active/Passive		
142	entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with assertions from unstructured text corpora.	Lexical entailment			World knowledge
143	entailment	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with assertions from unstructured text corpora.	Relation extraction systems populate knowledge bases with facts from unstructured text corpora.	Lexical entailment			World knowledge
144	entailment	Wal-Mart's recent move is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.	The recent move by Wal-Mart is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.		Genitives/Partitives		
145	entailment	The recent move by Wal-Mart is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.	Wal-Mart's recent move is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.		Genitives/Partitives		
146	not_entailment	Wal-Mart's recent move is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.	The recent move against Wal-Mart is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.		Genitives/Partitives		
147	not_entailment	The recent move against Wal-Mart is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.	Wal-Mart's recent move is tied to its continuing efforts to beat back competition against retailers like Amazon.		Genitives/Partitives		
148	entailment	The man gets down on one knee and inspects the bottom of the elephant's foot only to find a large thorn deeply embedded.	The man gets down on one knee and inspects the bottom of the foot of the elephant only to find a large thorn deeply embedded.		Genitives/Partitives		
149	entailment	The man gets down on one knee and inspects the bottom of the foot of the elephant only to find a large thorn deeply embedded.	The man gets down on one knee and inspects the bottom of the elephant's foot only to find a large thorn deeply embedded.		Genitives/Partitives		
150	entailment	"The Cape sparrow's population has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."	"The population of the Cape sparrow has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."		Genitives/Partitives		
151	entailment	"The population of the Cape sparrow has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."	"The Cape sparrow's population has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."		Genitives/Partitives		
152	not_entailment	"The Cape sparrow's population has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."	"The population of the Cape sparrow has decreased significantly, and is seriously threatened by human activities."		Genitives/Partitives	Negation	
153	not_entailment	"The population of the Cape sparrow has decreased significantly, and is seriously threatened by human activities."	"The Cape sparrow's population has not decreased significantly, and is not seriously threatened by human activities."		Genitives/Partitives	Negation	
154	entailment	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into natural language.	This paper presents an approach for understanding these message vectors' content by translating them into natural language.		Genitives/Partitives		
155	entailment	This paper presents an approach for understanding these message vectors' content by translating them into natural language.	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into natural language.		Genitives/Partitives		
156	not_entailment	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into natural language.	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into foreign language.	Lexical entailment			
157	not_entailment	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into foreign language.	This paper presents an approach for understanding the contents of these message vectors by translating them into natural language.	Lexical entailment			
158	entailment	She is skilled at violin.	She is a skilled violinist.		Intersectivity		
159	entailment	She is a skilled violinist.	She is skilled at violin.		Intersectivity		
160	not_entailment	She is skilled.	She is a skilled violinist.		Intersectivity		
161	entailment	She is a skilled violinist.	She is skilled.		Intersectivity		
162	not_entailment	She is a surgeon and skilled violinist.	She is a skilled surgeon.		Intersectivity		
163	not_entailment	She is a skilled surgeon.	She is a surgeon and skilled violinist.		Intersectivity		
164	entailment	The combination of mentos and diet coke caused the explosion.	Combining mentos and diet coke caused the explosion.		Nominalization		
165	entailment	Combining mentos and diet coke caused the explosion.	The combination of mentos and diet coke caused the explosion.		Nominalization		
166	entailment	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general to submit a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general's submission of a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."		Nominalization		
167	entailment	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general's submission of a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general to submit a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."		Nominalization		
168	not_entailment	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general to submit a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general's withholding of a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
169	not_entailment	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general's withholding of a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	"In an Oval Office meeting after Mueller's appointment, Trump told Sessions he should resign, prompting the attorney general to submit a letter of resignation, according to The New York Times."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
170	entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the preservation of all the physical books."		Nominalization		
171	entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the preservation of all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."		Nominalization		
172	not_entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the destruction of all the physical books."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
173	not_entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the destruction of all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
174	not_entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the processing of all the physical books."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
175	not_entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in the processing of all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
176	entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in all the physical books' preservation."		Nominalization;Genitives/Partitives		
177	entailment	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in all the physical books' preservation."	"Thought this was super cool, and a really important step in preserving all the physical books."		Nominalization;Genitives/Partitives		
178	entailment	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the German invasion of Greece in April 1941."	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft when the Germans invaded Greece in April 1941."		Nominalization		
179	entailment	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft when the Germans invaded Greece in April 1941."	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the German invasion of Greece in April 1941."		Nominalization		
180	not_entailment	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the German invasion of Greece in April 1941."	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the Greek invasion of Germany in April 1941."		Nominalization		
181	not_entailment	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the Greek invasion of Germany in April 1941."	"During World War II, the five remaining Greek boats were sunk by Axis aircraft during the German invasion of Greece in April 1941."		Nominalization		
182	entailment	"Often, the first step in building statistical NLP models involves feature extraction."	"Often, the first step in building statistical NLP models involves extracting features."		Nominalization		
183	entailment	"Often, the first step in building statistical NLP models involves extracting features."	"Often, the first step in building statistical NLP models involves feature extraction."		Nominalization		
184	not_entailment	Bob likes Alice.	Alice likes Bob.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
185	not_entailment	Alice likes Bob.	Bob likes Alice.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
186	not_entailment	Bob is Alice's parent.	Alice is Bob's parent.		Core args		Common sense
187	not_entailment	Alice is Bob's parent.	Bob is Alice's parent.		Core args		Common sense
188	not_entailment	President Trump will ask Republican lawmakers to use a controversial White House framework as the baseline for a coming Senate debate on immigration policy.	Republican lawmakers will ask President Trump to use a controversial White House framework as the baseline for a coming Senate debate on immigration policy.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
189	not_entailment	Republican lawmakers will ask President Trump to use a controversial White House framework as the baseline for a coming Senate debate on immigration policy.	President Trump will ask Republican lawmakers to use a controversial White House framework as the baseline for a coming Senate debate on immigration policy.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
190	not_entailment	Mythbusters proved that bulls react to movement and not color.	Bulls proved that mythbusters react to movement and not color.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
191	not_entailment	Bulls proved that mythbusters react to movement and not color.	Mythbusters proved that bulls react to movement and not color.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
192	not_entailment	The models generate translations with their constituency tree and their attention-derived alignments.	The translations generate models with their constituency tree and their attention-derived alignments.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
193	not_entailment	The translations generate models with their constituency tree and their attention-derived alignments.	The models generate translations with their constituency tree and their attention-derived alignments.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
194	entailment	Bob married Alice.	Alice married Bob.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
195	entailment	Alice married Bob.	Bob married Alice.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
196	entailment	"The head of Russia's foreign spy service met with top U.S. intelligence officials, despite existing sanctions."	"Top U.S. intelligence officials met with the head of Russia's foreign spy service, despite existing sanctions."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
197	entailment	"Top U.S. intelligence officials met with the head of Russia's foreign spy service, despite existing sanctions."	"The head of Russia's foreign spy service met with top U.S. intelligence officials, despite existing sanctions."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
198	entailment	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.	Airplanes do not follow the same rules as bees.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
199	entailment	Airplanes do not follow the same rules as bees.	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
200	entailment	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.	Bees fly using a different mechanism from airplanes.				Common sense
201	entailment	Bees fly using a different mechanism from airplanes.	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.				Common sense
202	not_entailment	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.	Bees fly using the same mechanism as airplanes.				Common sense
203	not_entailment	Bees fly using the same mechanism as airplanes.	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.				Common sense
204	not_entailment	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.	Bees are more energy-efficient flyers than airplanes.				Common sense
205	not_entailment	Bees are more energy-efficient flyers than airplanes.	Bees do not follow the same rules as airplanes.				Common sense
206	entailment	Leslie Dixon is married to fellow screenwriter and producer Tom Ropelewski.	Tom Ropelewski is married to fellow screenwriter and producer Leslie Dixon.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
207	entailment	Tom Ropelewski is married to fellow screenwriter and producer Leslie Dixon.	Leslie Dixon is married to fellow screenwriter and producer Tom Ropelewski.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
208	entailment	This means that solving analogy questions with vector arithmetic is mathematically equivalent to seeking a word that is similar to x and y but is different from z.	This means that seeking a word that is similar to x and y but is different from z is mathematically equivalent to solving analogy questions with vector arithmetic.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
209	entailment	This means that seeking a word that is similar to x and y but is different from z is mathematically equivalent to solving analogy questions with vector arithmetic.	This means that solving analogy questions with vector arithmetic is mathematically equivalent to seeking a word that is similar to x and y but is different from z.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
210	entailment	Bob married Alice.	Bob and Alice got married.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
211	entailment	Bob and Alice got married.	Bob married Alice.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
212	entailment	Tulsi Gabbard disagrees with Bernie Sanders on what is the best way to deal with Bashar al-Assad.	Tulsi Gabbard and Bernie Sanders disagree on what is the best way to deal with Bashar al-Assad.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
213	entailment	Tulsi Gabbard and Bernie Sanders disagree on what is the best way to deal with Bashar al-Assad.	Tulsi Gabbard disagrees with Bernie Sanders on what is the best way to deal with Bashar al-Assad.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
214	entailment	It reminds me of the times I played Super Mario with my little brother.	It reminds me of the times my little brother and I played Super Mario.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
215	entailment	It reminds me of the times my little brother and I played Super Mario.	It reminds me of the times I played Super Mario with my little brother.	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
216	entailment	"In this PC game, Shredder fights the turtles in his Manhattan hideout."	"In this PC game, Shredder and the turtles fight in his Manhattan hideout."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
217	entailment	"In this PC game, Shredder and the turtles fight in his Manhattan hideout."	"In this PC game, Shredder fights the turtles in his Manhattan hideout."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
218	entailment	"If their vectors' cosine similarity is high, we can conclude that ""cat"" is similar to ""dog""."	"If their vectors' cosine similarity is high, we can conclude that ""cat"" and ""dog"" are similar."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
219	entailment	"If their vectors' cosine similarity is high, we can conclude that ""cat"" and ""dog"" are similar."	"If their vectors' cosine similarity is high, we can conclude that ""cat"" is similar to ""dog""."	Symmetry/Collectivity	Core args		
220	entailment	Jane had a party on Sunday.	"On Sunday, Jane had a party."		Prepositional phrases		
221	entailment	"On Sunday, Jane had a party."	Jane had a party on Sunday.		Prepositional phrases		
222	entailment	"For decades, the FBI has been trusted to investigate corruption inside the government."	The FBI has been trusted to investigate corruption inside the government for decades.		Prepositional phrases		
223	entailment	The FBI has been trusted to investigate corruption inside the government for decades.	"For decades, the FBI has been trusted to investigate corruption inside the government."		Prepositional phrases		
224	entailment	"I was driving through my neighborhood a few weeks ago, and there was a lady holding a child's hand, standing on the side of the road talking to someone parked in a car."	"A few weeks ago, I was driving through my neighborhood, and there was a lady holding a child's hand, standing on the side of the road talking to someone parked in a car."		Prepositional phrases		
225	entailment	"A few weeks ago, I was driving through my neighborhood, and there was a lady holding a child's hand, standing on the side of the road talking to someone parked in a car."	"I was driving through my neighborhood a few weeks ago, and there was a lady holding a child's hand, standing on the side of the road talking to someone parked in a car."		Prepositional phrases		
226	entailment	Bass River timber was used in construction of the Empire State Building.	"In construction of the Empire State Building, Bass River timber was used."		Prepositional phrases		
227	entailment	"In construction of the Empire State Building, Bass River timber was used."	Bass River timber was used in construction of the Empire State Building.		Prepositional phrases		
228	entailment	"In this paper, we present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text."	We present in this paper an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text.		Prepositional phrases		
229	entailment	We present in this paper an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text.	"In this paper, we present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text."		Prepositional phrases		
230	not_entailment	"In this paper, we present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text."	We present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from the unstructured natural language text of this paper.		Prepositional phrases		
231	not_entailment	We present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from the unstructured natural language text of this paper.	"In this paper, we present an approach to acquire trivial physical knowledge from unstructured natural language text."		Prepositional phrases		
232	entailment	I ate pizza with friends.	I ate pizza.		Prepositional phrases		
233	entailment	I ate pizza.	I ate pizza with friends.		Prepositional phrases		
234	not_entailment	I ate pizza with some friends.	I ate some friends.		Prepositional phrases		
235	not_entailment	I ate some friends.	I ate pizza with some friends.		Prepositional phrases		
236	entailment	I ate pizza with olives.	I ate pizza.		Prepositional phrases		
237	not_entailment	I ate pizza.	I ate pizza with olives.		Prepositional phrases		
238	entailment	I ate pizza with olives.	I ate olives.		Prepositional phrases		
239	not_entailment	I ate olives.	I ate pizza with olives.		Prepositional phrases		
240	entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with Russia.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion.		Prepositional phrases		
241	not_entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with Russia.		Prepositional phrases		
242	not_entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with Russia.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate with Russia.		Prepositional phrases		
243	not_entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate with Russia.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with Russia.		Prepositional phrases		
244	entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with vast resources.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion.		Prepositional phrases		
245	not_entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with vast resources.		Prepositional phrases		
246	entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with vast resources.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate with vast resources.		Prepositional phrases		
247	not_entailment	Mueller received a mandate to investigate with vast resources.	Mueller received a mandate to investigate possible collusion with vast resources.		Prepositional phrases		
248	entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in the faucet.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism.		Prepositional phrases		
249	not_entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in the faucet.		Prepositional phrases		
250	entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in the faucet.	They should be attached in the faucet.		Prepositional phrases		
251	not_entailment	They should be attached in the faucet.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in the faucet.		Prepositional phrases		
252	entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in an unbreakable knot.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism.		Prepositional phrases		
253	not_entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in an unbreakable knot.		Prepositional phrases		
254	entailment	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in an unbreakable knot.	They should be attached in an unbreakable knot.		Prepositional phrases		
255	not_entailment	They should be attached in an unbreakable knot.	They should be attached to the lifting mechanism in an unbreakable knot.		Prepositional phrases		
256	entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with only partial success."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used with only partial success."		Prepositional phrases		
257	not_entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used with only partial success."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with only partial success."		Prepositional phrases		
258	entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with only partial success."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle."		Prepositional phrases		
259	not_entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with only partial success."		Prepositional phrases		
260	entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with German forces."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used with German forces."		Prepositional phrases		
261	not_entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used with German forces."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with German forces."		Prepositional phrases		
262	entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with German forces."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle."		Prepositional phrases		
263	not_entailment	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle."	"Tanks were developed by Britain and France, and were first used in combat by the British during a battle with German forces."		Prepositional phrases		
264	entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.	We propose models of the probability distribution.		Prepositional phrases		
265	not_entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution.	We propose models of the probability distribution from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.		Prepositional phrases		
266	not_entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.	We propose models from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.		Prepositional phrases		
267	not_entailment	We propose models from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.	We propose models of the probability distribution from which the attested vowel inventories have been drawn.		Prepositional phrases		
268	entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution from a restricted space of linear functions.	We propose models of the probability distribution.		Prepositional phrases		
269	not_entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution.	We propose models of the probability distribution from a restricted space of linear functions.		Prepositional phrases		
270	entailment	We propose models of the probability distribution from a restricted space of linear functions.	We propose models from a restricted space of linear functions.		Prepositional phrases		
271	not_entailment	We propose models from a restricted space of linear functions.	We propose models of the probability distribution from a restricted space of linear functions.		Prepositional phrases		
272	entailment	"George went to the lake to catch a fish, but he fell into the water."	George fell into the water.		Anaphora/Coreference		
273	not_entailment	George fell into the water.	"George went to the lake to catch a fish, but he fell into the water."		Anaphora/Coreference		
274	not_entailment	"George went to the lake to catch a fish, but he fell into the water."	A fish fell into the water.		Anaphora/Coreference		
275	not_entailment	A fish fell into the water.	"George went to the lake to catch a fish, but he fell into the water."		Anaphora/Coreference		
276	entailment	"The Republican party almost universally opposed that bill in 2009, which cost $787 billion over 10 years, on the grounds that it would increase the debt too much."	That bill would increase the debt too much.		Anaphora/Coreference		
277	not_entailment	That bill would increase the debt too much.	"The Republican party almost universally opposed that bill in 2009, which cost $787 billion over 10 years, on the grounds that it would increase the debt too much."		Anaphora/Coreference		
278	not_entailment	"The Republican party almost universally opposed that bill in 2009, which cost $787 billion over 10 years, on the grounds that it would increase the debt too much."	The Republican party would increase the debt too much.		Anaphora/Coreference		
279	not_entailment	The Republican party would increase the debt too much.	"The Republican party almost universally opposed that bill in 2009, which cost $787 billion over 10 years, on the grounds that it would increase the debt too much."		Anaphora/Coreference		
280	entailment	"The climbing beans choked the corn, and the squash grew so big that it overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans."	The squash overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans.		Anaphora/Coreference		
281	not_entailment	The squash overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans.	"The climbing beans choked the corn, and the squash grew so big that it overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans."		Anaphora/Coreference		
282	not_entailment	"The climbing beans choked the corn, and the squash grew so big that it overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans."	The corn overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans.		Anaphora/Coreference		
283	not_entailment	The corn overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans.	"The climbing beans choked the corn, and the squash grew so big that it overshadowed several adjacent rows of beans."		Anaphora/Coreference		
284	entailment	"Because Britain still maintained control of Canada's foreign affairs under the Confederation Act, its declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I."	Britain's declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I.		Anaphora/Coreference		
285	not_entailment	Britain's declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I.	"Because Britain still maintained control of Canada's foreign affairs under the Confederation Act, its declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I."		Anaphora/Coreference		
286	not_entailment	"Because Britain still maintained control of Canada's foreign affairs under the Confederation Act, its declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I."	Canada's declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I.		Anaphora/Coreference		
287	not_entailment	Canada's declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I.	"Because Britain still maintained control of Canada's foreign affairs under the Confederation Act, its declaration of war in 1914 automatically brought Canada into World War I."		Anaphora/Coreference		
288	not_entailment	"We show that if coreference resolvers mainly rely on lexical features, they can hardly generalize to unseen domains."	Coreference resolvers can hardly generalize to unseen domains.		Anaphora/Coreference		
289	not_entailment	Coreference resolvers can hardly generalize to unseen domains.	"We show that if coreference resolvers mainly rely on lexical features, they can hardly generalize to unseen domains."		Anaphora/Coreference		
290	not_entailment	"We show that if coreference resolvers mainly rely on lexical features, they can hardly generalize to unseen domains."	Lexical features can hardly generalize to unseen domains.		Anaphora/Coreference		
291	not_entailment	Lexical features can hardly generalize to unseen domains.	"We show that if coreference resolvers mainly rely on lexical features, they can hardly generalize to unseen domains."		Anaphora/Coreference		
292	entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Sweden.	Named entities			World knowledge
293	not_entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Sweden.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	Named entities			World knowledge
294	entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Europe.	Named entities			World knowledge
295	not_entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Europe.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	Named entities			World knowledge
296	not_entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Oslo.	Named entities			World knowledge
297	not_entailment	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Oslo.	The sides came to an agreement after their meeting in Stockholm.	Named entities			World knowledge
298	entailment	Musk decided to offer up his personal Tesla roadster.	Musk decided to offer up his personal car.	Named entities			World knowledge
299	not_entailment	Musk decided to offer up his personal car.	Musk decided to offer up his personal Tesla roadster.	Named entities			World knowledge
300	not_entailment	Musk decided to offer up his personal Tesla roadster.	Musk decided to offer up his personal yacht.	Named entities			World knowledge
301	not_entailment	Musk decided to offer up his personal yacht.	Musk decided to offer up his personal Tesla roadster.	Named entities			World knowledge
302	entailment	TIL David Attenborough and Queen Elizabeth II are roughly the same age.	TIL David Attenborough and the Queen of England are roughly the same age.	Named entities			World knowledge
303	entailment	TIL David Attenborough and the Queen of England are roughly the same age.	TIL David Attenborough and Queen Elizabeth II are roughly the same age.	Named entities			World knowledge
304	not_entailment	TIL David Attenborough and Queen Elizabeth II are roughly the same age.	TIL David Attenborough and the Queen of Denmark are roughly the same age.	Named entities			World knowledge
305	not_entailment	TIL David Attenborough and the Queen of Denmark are roughly the same age.	TIL David Attenborough and Queen Elizabeth II are roughly the same age.	Named entities			World knowledge
306	entailment	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years."	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by Aboriginal people for at least 30,000 years."	Named entities			World knowledge
307	entailment	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by Aboriginal people for at least 30,000 years."	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years."	Named entities			World knowledge
308	not_entailment	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years."	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by Europeans for at least 30,000 years."	Named entities			World knowledge
309	not_entailment	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by Europeans for at least 30,000 years."	"The Sydney area has been inhabited by indigenous Australians for at least 30,000 years."	Named entities			World knowledge
310	entailment	Deep neural networks have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Deep learning has achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Named entities			World knowledge
311	entailment	Deep learning has achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Deep neural networks have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Named entities			World knowledge
312	not_entailment	Deep neural networks have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Decision trees have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Named entities			World knowledge
313	not_entailment	Decision trees have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Deep neural networks have achieved impressive performance in supervised classification and structured prediction tasks.	Named entities			World knowledge
314	entailment	Dave jumped into the lake.	Dave was wet.				Common sense
315	not_entailment	Dave was wet.	Dave jumped into the lake.				Common sense
316	not_entailment	Dave jumped into the lake.	Dave was hungry.				Common sense
317	not_entailment	Dave was hungry.	Dave jumped into the lake.				Common sense
318	entailment	"Even if the Senate is able to pass a bill, it’s far from certain that the House will move ahead with i"	The House might kill the bill anyway.				Common sense
319	not_entailment	The House might kill the bill anyway.	"Even if the Senate is able to pass a bill, it’s far from certain that the House will move ahead with i"				Common sense
320	not_entailment	"Even if the Senate is able to pass a bill, it’s far from certain that the House will move ahead with i"	The House will pass the bill.				Common sense
321	not_entailment	The House will pass the bill.	"Even if the Senate is able to pass a bill, it’s far from certain that the House will move ahead with i"				Common sense
322	entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."	Notorious B.I.G. passed away.				Common sense
323	not_entailment	Notorious B.I.G. passed away.	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."				Common sense
324	not_entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."	Notorious B.I.G. hosted his funeral.				Common sense
325	not_entailment	Notorious B.I.G. hosted his funeral.	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."				Common sense
326	entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, there was a somber atmosphere part of the time."				Common sense
327	not_entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, there was a somber atmosphere part of the time."	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."				Common sense
328	entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."	Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession was attended by the general public.				Common sense
329	not_entailment	Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession was attended by the general public.	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."				Common sense
330	not_entailment	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."	Only members of the public attended B.I.G.'s funeral procession was restricted to an exclusive club of associates.				Common sense
331	not_entailment	Only members of the public attended B.I.G.'s funeral procession was restricted to an exclusive club of associates.	"During Notorious B.I.G.'s funeral procession through the streets of Brooklyn, someone interrupted the somber atmosphere by playing ""Hyponotize"" at full volume, which prompted the public to dance and sing along."				Common sense
332	entailment	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."	Poor Irish people could not get food because it was too expensive.				Common sense
333	not_entailment	Poor Irish people could not get food because it was too expensive.	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."				Common sense
334	entailment	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."	The poor in Ireland starved.				Common sense
335	not_entailment	The poor in Ireland starved.	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."				Common sense
336	not_entailment	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."	The poor in Ireland had plentiful food.				Common sense
337	not_entailment	The poor in Ireland had plentiful food.	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."				Common sense
338	entailment	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."	The problem in Ireland was the price of food.		Core args;Anaphora/Coreference		
339	not_entailment	The problem in Ireland was the price of food.	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."		Core args;Anaphora/Coreference		
340	not_entailment	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."	The problem in Ireland was lack of food.			Negation	
341	not_entailment	The problem in Ireland was lack of food.	"The problem in Ireland was not lack of food, which was plentiful, but the price of it, which was beyond the reach of the poor."			Negation	
342	entailment	This dataset is two orders of magnitude larger than all other existing resources.	Every other existing resource is smaller than this dataset.				Common sense
343	not_entailment	Every other existing resource is smaller than this dataset.	This dataset is two orders of magnitude larger than all other existing resources.				Common sense
344	entailment	This dataset is two orders of magnitude larger than all other existing resources.	This dataset is very big.				Common sense
345	not_entailment	This dataset is very big.	This dataset is two orders of magnitude larger than all other existing resources.				Common sense
346	entailment	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."	I failed my resolutions in 2004.			Intervals/Numbers	
347	not_entailment	I failed my resolutions in 2004.	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."			Intervals/Numbers	
348	not_entailment	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."	I failed my resolutions in 1995.			Intervals/Numbers	
349	not_entailment	I failed my resolutions in 1995.	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."			Intervals/Numbers	
350	not_entailment	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."	I did not fail my resolutions in 2004.			Intervals/Numbers	
351	not_entailment	I did not fail my resolutions in 2004.	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."			Intervals/Numbers	
352	not_entailment	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."	I did not fail my resolutions in 1995.			Intervals/Numbers	
353	not_entailment	I did not fail my resolutions in 1995.	"I have failed my resolutions every year since 1997, and it's now 2008."			Intervals/Numbers	
354	entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The doctor bears some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
355	not_entailment	The doctor bears some responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
356	not_entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The doctor does not bear responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
357	not_entailment	The doctor does not bear responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
358	entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The patient bears some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
359	not_entailment	The patient bears some responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
360	not_entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The patient does not bear responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
361	not_entailment	The patient does not bear responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
362	not_entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The attorney bears some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
363	not_entailment	The attorney bears some responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction	
364	not_entailment	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.	The attorney does not bear responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
365	not_entailment	The attorney does not bear responsibility for successful care.	Both doctor and patient bear some responsibility for successful care.			Conjunction;Negation	
366	not_entailment	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.	He has a conflict of interest.			Disjunction	
367	entailment	He has a conflict of interest.	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.			Disjunction	
368	not_entailment	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.	He does not have a conflict of interest.			Disjunction;Negation	
369	not_entailment	He does not have a conflict of interest.	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.			Disjunction;Negation	
370	not_entailment	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.	He has a blind trust.			Disjunction	
371	entailment	He has a blind trust.	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.			Disjunction	
372	not_entailment	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.	He does not have a blind trust.			Disjunction;Negation	
373	entailment	He does not have a blind trust.	Either he has a blind trust or he has a conflict of interest.			Disjunction;Negation	
374	entailment	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	Someone has a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
375	not_entailment	Someone has a set of principles to live by.	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
376	not_entailment	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	No one has a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
377	not_entailment	No one has a set of principles to live by.	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
378	not_entailment	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	Susan doesn't have a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
379	not_entailment	Susan doesn't have a set of principles to live by.	Everyone has a set of principles to live by.	Quantifiers		Universal	
380	entailment	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	Someone knows how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
381	not_entailment	Someone knows how turtles reproduce.	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
382	not_entailment	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	No one knows how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
383	not_entailment	No one knows how turtles reproduce.	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
384	not_entailment	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	Cedric doesn't know how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
385	not_entailment	Cedric doesn't know how turtles reproduce.	Susan knows how turtles reproduce.	Quantifiers		Existential	
386	entailment	"Either there is no bathroom in this house, or it is in a funny place."	"If there is a bathroom in this house, it is in a funny place."			Disjunction;Conditionals;Negation	
387	entailment	"If there is a bathroom in this house, it is in a funny place."	"Either there is no bathroom in this house, or it is in a funny place."			Disjunction;Conditionals;Negation	
388	not_entailment	"Either there is no bathroom in this house, or it is in a funny place."	The bathroom in this house is in a funny place.		Anaphora/Coreference	Disjunction;Conditionals;Negation	
389	entailment	The bathroom in this house is in a funny place.	"Either there is no bathroom in this house, or it is in a funny place."		Anaphora/Coreference	Disjunction;Conditionals;Negation	
390	not_entailment	Joan believes that all speech is political speech.	All speech is political speech.	Factivity			
391	not_entailment	All speech is political speech.	Joan believes that all speech is political speech.	Factivity			
392	not_entailment	Joan doubts that all speech is political speech.	All speech is political speech.	Factivity			
393	not_entailment	All speech is political speech.	Joan doubts that all speech is political speech.	Factivity			
394	entailment	Joan knows that all speech is political speech.	All speech is political speech.	Factivity			
395	not_entailment	All speech is political speech.	Joan knows that all speech is political speech.	Factivity			
396	not_entailment	Joan knows that all speech is political speech.	No speech is political speech.	Factivity;Quantifiers			
397	not_entailment	No speech is political speech.	Joan knows that all speech is political speech.	Factivity;Quantifiers			
398	not_entailment	Grisham hoped to win the popular vote.	Grisham won the popular vote.	Factivity			
399	not_entailment	Grisham won the popular vote.	Grisham hoped to win the popular vote.	Factivity			
400	not_entailment	Grisham hoped to win the popular vote.	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
401	not_entailment	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Grisham hoped to win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
402	entailment	Jacob saw Tex sign the contract.	Tex signed the contract.	Factivity			
403	not_entailment	Tex signed the contract.	Jacob saw Tex sign the contract.	Factivity			
404	not_entailment	Jacob did not see Tex sign the contract.	Tex signed the contract.	Factivity			
405	not_entailment	Tex signed the contract.	Jacob did not see Tex sign the contract.	Factivity			
406	not_entailment	Grisham tried to win the popular vote.	Grisham won the popular vote.	Factivity			
407	not_entailment	Grisham won the popular vote.	Grisham tried to win the popular vote.	Factivity			
408	not_entailment	Grisham tried to win the popular vote.	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
409	not_entailment	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Grisham tried to win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
410	not_entailment	Grisham almost won the popular vote.	Grisham won the popular vote.	Factivity			
411	not_entailment	Grisham won the popular vote.	Grisham almost won the popular vote.	Factivity			
412	entailment	Grisham barely won the popular vote.	Grisham won the popular vote.	Factivity			
413	not_entailment	Grisham won the popular vote.	Grisham barely won the popular vote.	Factivity			
414	entailment	Grisham almost won the popular vote.	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
415	not_entailment	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Grisham almost won the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
416	not_entailment	Grisham barely won the popular vote.	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
417	not_entailment	Grisham did not win the popular vote.	Grisham barely won the popular vote.	Factivity		Negation	
418	not_entailment	She has three questions.	She had three questions.			Temporal	
419	not_entailment	She had three questions.	She has three questions.			Temporal	
420	entailment	Mary left before John entered.	John entered after Mary left.			Temporal	
421	entailment	John entered after Mary left.	Mary left before John entered.			Temporal	
422	not_entailment	Mary left before John entered.	John entered before Mary left.			Temporal	
423	not_entailment	John entered before Mary left.	Mary left before John entered.			Temporal	
424	entailment	Mary was leaving while John entered.	John entered while Mary was leaving.			Temporal	
425	entailment	John entered while Mary was leaving.	Mary was leaving while John entered.			Temporal	
426	not_entailment	"If Pedro has a donkey, then he beats it."	Pedro beats his donkey.		Anaphora/Coreference	Conditionals	
427	entailment	Pedro beats his donkey.	"If Pedro has a donkey, then he beats it."		Anaphora/Coreference	Conditionals	
428	not_entailment	"If Pedro has a donkey, then he beats it."	Pedro doesn't have a donkey.			Conditionals	
429	entailment	Pedro doesn't have a donkey.	"If Pedro has a donkey, then he beats it."			Conditionals	
430	entailment	"It is the clearest evidence yet that Xi plans to rule beyond the end of this second term, in 2023, taking China back to the era of one-man rule just as it steps up its role in global politics."	Xi's second term ends in 2023.				
431	not_entailment	Xi's second term ends in 2023.	"It is the clearest evidence yet that Xi plans to rule beyond the end of this second term, in 2023, taking China back to the era of one-man rule just as it steps up its role in global politics."				
432	not_entailment	"The move marks an end to a system put in place by Deng Xiaoping in the 1980s to prevent the rise of another Mao, who was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976."	Deng Xiaoping was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976.		Relative clauses		World knowledge
433	not_entailment	Deng Xiaoping was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976.	"The move marks an end to a system put in place by Deng Xiaoping in the 1980s to prevent the rise of another Mao, who was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976."		Relative clauses		World knowledge
434	entailment	"The move marks an end to a system put in place by Deng Xiaoping in the 1980s to prevent the rise of another Mao, who was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976."	Mao was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976.		Relative clauses		
435	not_entailment	Mao was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976.	"The move marks an end to a system put in place by Deng Xiaoping in the 1980s to prevent the rise of another Mao, who was chairman of the Communist Party from before its accession to power in 1949 until his death in 1976."		Relative clauses		
436	entailment	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s "	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s bo"			Conjunction	
437	not_entailment	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s bo"	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s "			Conjunction	
438	entailment	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s "	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s bo"			Conjunction	
439	not_entailment	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s bo"	"Though the power grab has earned Xi comparisons to leaders such as Turkey’s Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Russia’s Vladimir Putin, his vision for China is singular — and will have an impact well beyond China’s "			Conjunction	
440	entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation."			Conjunction	
441	not_entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."			Conjunction	
442	entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the man uniquely equipped to lead."		Coordination scope	Conjunction	
443	not_entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the man uniquely equipped to lead."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."		Coordination scope	Conjunction	
444	not_entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the man uniquely equipped to lead."		Coordination scope	Conjunction	World knowledge
445	not_entailment	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the man uniquely equipped to lead."	"Party media have since amped up the hagiography, casting Xi as the father of the nation and the man uniquely equipped to lead."		Coordination scope	Conjunction	World knowledge
446	not_entailment	"The latest fatal incident, reported Monday morning, killed a 17-year-old boy and wounded a woman."	"The latest incident, reported Monday morning, killed a 17-year-old boy and wounded a woman."		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	Common sense
447	entailment	"The latest incident, reported Monday morning, killed a 17-year-old boy and wounded a woman."	"The latest fatal incident, reported Monday morning, killed a 17-year-old boy and wounded a woman."		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	Common sense
448	entailment	Police also responded around 11:50 a.m. Monday to the report of an explosion in southeast Austin in which a woman was badly injured.	Police also responded around 11:50 a.m. Monday to the report of a blast in southeast Austin in which a woman was badly injured.	Lexical entailment			
449	entailment	Police also responded around 11:50 a.m. Monday to the report of a blast in southeast Austin in which a woman was badly injured.	Police also responded around 11:50 a.m. Monday to the report of an explosion in southeast Austin in which a woman was badly injured.	Lexical entailment			
450	not_entailment	"The announcement represents a significant hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	"The announcement represents a slight hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	Lexical entailment			
451	not_entailment	"The announcement represents a slight hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	"The announcement represents a significant hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	Lexical entailment			
452	entailment	"The announcement represents a significant hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	"The announcement represents a significant change in Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	Lexical entailment			
453	not_entailment	"The announcement represents a significant change in Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	"The announcement represents a significant hardening of Britain's posture toward Russia, with which it has had a valuable intelligence-sharing relationship."	Lexical entailment			
454	not_entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to take a train home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
455	not_entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to take a train home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
456	not_entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to take a plane home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
457	entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to take a plane home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
458	entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to go home by air, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
459	entailment	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to go home by air, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"	"Tillerson cut his trip short Monday to fly home, and his spokesman said Tuesday that the secretary of state was “unaware of the reason” for his firing and had not spoken directly with Tr"				Common sense
460	entailment	The announcement of Tillerson’s departure sent shock waves across the glob	People across the globe were not expecting Tillerson's departure.				Common sense
461	not_entailment	People across the globe were not expecting Tillerson's departure.	The announcement of Tillerson’s departure sent shock waves across the glob				Common sense
462	not_entailment	The announcement of Tillerson’s departure sent shock waves across the glob	People across the globe were prepared for Tillerson's departure.				Common sense
463	not_entailment	People across the globe were prepared for Tillerson's departure.	The announcement of Tillerson’s departure sent shock waves across the glob				Common sense
464	entailment	"LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from two strangers, unaware that one of them was a police officer."	LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from a police officer.	Factivity	Anaphora/Coreference		
465	not_entailment	LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from a police officer.	"LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from two strangers, unaware that one of them was a police officer."	Factivity	Anaphora/Coreference		
466	not_entailment	"LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from two strangers, unaware that one of them was a police officer."	LaBeouf knowingly had tried to bum a smoke from a police officer.		Anaphora/Coreference		Common sense
467	not_entailment	LaBeouf knowingly had tried to bum a smoke from a police officer.	"LaBeouf had tried to bum a smoke from two strangers, unaware that one of them was a police officer."		Anaphora/Coreference		Common sense
468	entailment	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was handcuffed and taken to the station."	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was arrested."				Common sense
469	not_entailment	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was arrested."	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was handcuffed and taken to the station."				Common sense
470	not_entailment	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was handcuffed and taken to the station."	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was escorted home."				Common sense
471	not_entailment	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was escorted home."	"After being denied, he grew angry and ignored the police officer's warnings to relax, so he was handcuffed and taken to the station."				Common sense
472	entailment	"Marc Sims has been seeing his barber once a week, for several years."	"Marc Sims has been getting his hair cut once a week, for several years."				Common sense
473	entailment	"Marc Sims has been getting his hair cut once a week, for several years."	"Marc Sims has been seeing his barber once a week, for several years."				Common sense
474	not_entailment	"Marc Sims has been seeing his barber once a week, for several years."	"Marc Sims has been cutting hair once a week, for several years."				Common sense
475	not_entailment	"Marc Sims has been cutting hair once a week, for several years."	"Marc Sims has been seeing his barber once a week, for several years."				Common sense
476	entailment	"The event Mr. Hamdallah attended on Tuesday was the opening of a long-delayed wastewater treatment plant in Beit Lahia that is intended to serve 400,000 Gaza residents."	"The event Mr. Hamdallah attended on Tuesday was the opening of a long-delayed water treatment plant in Beit Lahia that is intended to serve 400,000 Gaza residents."	Lexical entailment			
477	not_entailment	"The event Mr. Hamdallah attended on Tuesday was the opening of a long-delayed water treatment plant in Beit Lahia that is intended to serve 400,000 Gaza residents."	"The event Mr. Hamdallah attended on Tuesday was the opening of a long-delayed wastewater treatment plant in Beit Lahia that is intended to serve 400,000 Gaza residents."	Lexical entailment			
478	entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	British investigators say they have identified a nerve agent as Russian.		Relative clauses;Anaphora/Coreference		
479	not_entailment	British investigators say they have identified a nerve agent as Russian.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.		Relative clauses;Anaphora/Coreference		
480	not_entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Russians have identified a nerve agent used in a suspected chemical attack on British soil.		Core args;Anaphora/Coreference		
481	not_entailment	Russians have identified a nerve agent used in a suspected chemical attack on British soil.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.		Core args;Anaphora/Coreference		
482	not_entailment	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian involvement in last week’s attac	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian responsibility for last week’s attac	Lexical entailment			
483	entailment	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian responsibility for last week’s attac	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian involvement in last week’s attac	Lexical entailment			
484	not_entailment	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian involvement in last week’s attac	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian ignorance of last week’s attac	Lexical entailment			
485	not_entailment	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian ignorance of last week’s attac	Lavrov insisted that Russian experts should be able to examine the British evidence but again denied Russian involvement in last week’s attac	Lexical entailment			
486	not_entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Factivity			
487	entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Factivity			
488	entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to an attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Factivity	Intersectivity		
489	entailment	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to an attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Russia vowed Tuesday to retaliate if Britain imposes sanctions in response to a suspected chemical attack on British soil and demanded access to samples of a nerve agent that British investigators say they have identified as Russian.	Factivity	Intersectivity		
490	entailment	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a secret CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a CIA black site in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	Named entities			World knowledge
491	entailment	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a CIA black site in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a secret CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	Named entities			World knowledge
492	entailment	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a secret CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a clandestine CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	Lexical entailment			
493	entailment	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a clandestine CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	"Gina Haspel, the veteran CIA undercover officer President Donald Trump picked on Tuesday to head the agency, is supported by many in the U.S. intelligence community but has faced criticism for overseeing a secret CIA prison in Thailand where detainees were tortured."	Lexical entailment			
494	entailment	"She could be opposed by all the Democrats, and some Republicans may also oppose her, including Senator Rand Paul, who has called a news conference on Wednesday to discuss the nomination."	"She could be opposed by every Democrat, and some Republicans may also oppose her, including Senator Rand Paul, who has called a news conference on Wednesday to discuss the nomination."	Quantifiers			
495	entailment	"She could be opposed by every Democrat, and some Republicans may also oppose her, including Senator Rand Paul, who has called a news conference on Wednesday to discuss the nomination."	"She could be opposed by all the Democrats, and some Republicans may also oppose her, including Senator Rand Paul, who has called a news conference on Wednesday to discuss the nomination."	Quantifiers			
496	entailment	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away free in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.		Coordination scope		
497	not_entailment	Twitch has routinely given away free in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.		Coordination scope		
498	entailment	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Redundancy			
499	not_entailment	Twitch has routinely given away games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Redundancy			
500	entailment	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has routinely given Twitch Prime subscribers free games and in-game content in the past.		Datives		
501	entailment	Twitch has routinely given Twitch Prime subscribers free games and in-game content in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.		Datives		
502	not_entailment	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Twitch has rarely given Twitch Prime subscribers free games and in-game content in the past.	Quantifiers	Datives		
503	not_entailment	Twitch has rarely given Twitch Prime subscribers free games and in-game content in the past.	Twitch has routinely given away free games and in-game content to Twitch Prime subscribers in the past.	Quantifiers	Datives		
504	entailment	All five of these games will be available to Prime members until March 31.	Several games will be available to Prime members until March 31.	Quantifiers			
505	not_entailment	Several games will be available to Prime members until March 31.	All five of these games will be available to Prime members until March 31.	Quantifiers			
506	entailment	"Future legislators should focus on [low taxes, limited regulation and local control] to maintain a predictable and reliable business climate, avoiding legislation that distracts from critical priorities and is viewed by many as enabling discrimination against certain groups or classes of Texans."	"Future legislators should focus on [low taxes, limited regulation and local control] to maintain a predictable and reliable business climate, avoiding legislation that distracts from critical priorities and is viewed by many as enabling discrimination against certain groups of Texans."	Redundancy			
507	entailment	"Future legislators should focus on [low taxes, limited regulation and local control] to maintain a predictable and reliable business climate, avoiding legislation that distracts from critical priorities and is viewed by many as enabling discrimination against certain groups of Texans."	"Future legislators should focus on [low taxes, limited regulation and local control] to maintain a predictable and reliable business climate, avoiding legislation that distracts from critical priorities and is viewed by many as enabling discrimination against certain groups or classes of Texans."	Redundancy			
508	entailment	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Abbott remained largely silent for the first several months of debate after Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal	
509	entailment	"Abbott remained largely silent for the first several months of debate after Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal	
510	not_entailment	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Abbott remained largely silent for the first several months of debate before Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal	
511	not_entailment	"Abbott remained largely silent for the first several months of debate before Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal	
512	not_entailment	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and in the second month of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal;Intervals/Numbers	
513	not_entailment	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and in the second month of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"	"Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick first unveiled a “bathroom bill” in January 2017, and for the first several months of debate, Abbott remained largely silent even as some cautioned that it would be bad for busin"			Temporal;Intervals/Numbers	
514	not_entailment	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	A bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Negation	
515	not_entailment	A bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Negation	
516	not_entailment	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	No bills made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Downward monotone	
517	entailment	No bills made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Downward monotone	
518	not_entailment	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	A bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Downward monotone	
519	not_entailment	A bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	No bathroom bill made it to Abbott’s desk by the end of the legislative session in Ma	Quantifiers		Downward monotone	
520	entailment	"As with previous freebies, the games offered in this manner will be yours to keep permanently, though you'll presumably need to use the Twitch desktop app in order to grab them."	"As with previous freebies, the games offered in this manner will be yours to keep permanently, though you'll presumably need to use the Twitch desktop app in order to download them."	Lexical entailment			World knowledge
521	entailment	"As with previous freebies, the games offered in this manner will be yours to keep permanently, though you'll presumably need to use the Twitch desktop app in order to download them."	"As with previous freebies, the games offered in this manner will be yours to keep permanently, though you'll presumably need to use the Twitch desktop app in order to grab them."	Lexical entailment			World knowledge
522	not_entailment	"From Maine to Hawaii, thousands of students planned to stage walkouts Wednesday to protest gun violence, one month after the deadly shooting inside a high school in Parkland, Florida."	"From Maine to Hawaii, thousands of students planned to stage walkouts Wednesday to protest gun violence, two months after the deadly shooting inside a high school in Parkland, Florida."			Intervals/Numbers	
523	not_entailment	"From Maine to Hawaii, thousands of students planned to stage walkouts Wednesday to protest gun violence, two months after the deadly shooting inside a high school in Parkland, Florida."	"From Maine to Hawaii, thousands of students planned to stage walkouts Wednesday to protest gun violence, one month after the deadly shooting inside a high school in Parkland, Florida."			Intervals/Numbers	
524	entailment	A Tennessee House subcommittee has approved legislation to offer in-state tuition to public college students whose parents brought or kept them in the country illegally.	A Tennessee House subcommittee has approved legislation to offer in-state tuition to public college students whose parents kept them in the country illegally.			Disjunction	
525	not_entailment	A Tennessee House subcommittee has approved legislation to offer in-state tuition to public college students whose parents kept them in the country illegally.	A Tennessee House subcommittee has approved legislation to offer in-state tuition to public college students whose parents brought or kept them in the country illegally.			Disjunction	
526	entailment	Missouri lawmakers are considering a government boycott of companies that boycott Israel.	Missouri lawmakers are considering a boycott of companies that boycott Israel.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
527	not_entailment	Missouri lawmakers are considering a boycott of companies that boycott Israel.	Missouri lawmakers are considering a government boycott of companies that boycott Israel.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
528	entailment	"He said the United States intended to use the fake attack as a pretext to bomb the government quarter in nearby Damascus where he said Russian military advisers, Russian military police and Russian ceasefire monitors were based."	"He said the United States intended to bomb the government quarter in nearby Damascus where he said Russian military advisers, Russian military police and Russian ceasefire monitors were based."		Core args		Common sense
529	not_entailment	"He said the United States intended to bomb the government quarter in nearby Damascus where he said Russian military advisers, Russian military police and Russian ceasefire monitors were based."	"He said the United States intended to use the fake attack as a pretext to bomb the government quarter in nearby Damascus where he said Russian military advisers, Russian military police and Russian ceasefire monitors were based."		Core args		Common sense
530	entailment	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk only on condition of anonymity.	It is so sensitive that they agreed to talk about the matter only on condition of anonymity.		Ellipsis/Implicits		
531	entailment	It is so sensitive that they agreed to talk about the matter only on condition of anonymity.	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk only on condition of anonymity.		Ellipsis/Implicits		
532	not_entailment	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk only on condition of anonymity.	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk about something else on condition of anonymity.		Ellipsis/Implicits		
533	not_entailment	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk about something else on condition of anonymity.	The matter is so sensitive that they agreed to talk only on condition of anonymity.		Ellipsis/Implicits		
534	entailment	"Russia’s ruling system, while projecting an image of unity, is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"	"Russia’s ruling projects an image of unity, but is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"		Core args		
535	entailment	"Russia’s ruling projects an image of unity, but is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"	"Russia’s ruling system, while projecting an image of unity, is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"		Core args		
536	entailment	"Russia’s ruling system, while projecting an image of unity, is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"	"Russia’s ruling projects an image of unity, but is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"		Core args		
537	entailment	"Russia’s ruling projects an image of unity, but is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"	"Russia’s ruling system, while projecting an image of unity, is divided along many lines — between security hawks and economic liberals, between people with personal vendettas, and between competing business intere"		Core args		
538	entailment	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leade	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leader than Puti		Ellipsis/Implicits		
539	entailment	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leader than Puti	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leade		Ellipsis/Implicits		
540	not_entailment	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leade	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leader than themselve		Ellipsis/Implicits		
541	not_entailment	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leader than themselve	Putin is so entrenched within Russia’s ruling system that many of its members can imagine no other leade		Ellipsis/Implicits		
542	not_entailment	Microsoft has said a class action isn’t warranted because there is no common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminat	Microsoft has said a class action is warranted because there is a common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminatio			Double negation	
543	not_entailment	Microsoft has said a class action is warranted because there is a common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminatio	Microsoft has said a class action isn’t warranted because there is no common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminat			Double negation	
544	not_entailment	Microsoft has said a class action isn’t warranted because there is no common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminat	Microsoft has said a class action is warranted because there isn't a common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminatio			Negation	
545	not_entailment	Microsoft has said a class action is warranted because there isn't a common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminatio	Microsoft has said a class action isn’t warranted because there is no common cause for the employees’ complaints and plaintiffs have not identified systemic gender discriminat			Negation	
546	not_entailment	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted or raped by male colleagues during that time.	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted by male colleagues during that time.			Disjunction	
547	entailment	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted by male colleagues during that time.	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted or raped by male colleagues during that time.			Disjunction	
548	not_entailment	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted or raped by male colleagues during that time.	Three women alleged they were raped by male colleagues during that time.			Disjunction	
549	entailment	Three women alleged they were raped by male colleagues during that time.	Three women alleged they were sexually assaulted or raped by male colleagues during that time.			Disjunction	
550	not_entailment	"Microsoft has said that corrective action might be taken even if no policy violation was found, and that the person who filed the complaint might not be informed."	"Microsoft has said that corrective action might not be taken even if a policy violation was found, and that the person who filed the complaint might not be informed."			Negation;Conditionals	
551	not_entailment	"Microsoft has said that corrective action might not be taken even if a policy violation was found, and that the person who filed the complaint might not be informed."	"Microsoft has said that corrective action might be taken even if no policy violation was found, and that the person who filed the complaint might not be informed."			Negation;Conditionals	
552	entailment	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."	"If he stays in power longer,  it will be harder for him to exit."		Ellipsis/Implicits	Conditionals	
553	entailment	"If he stays in power longer,  it will be harder for him to exit."	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."		Ellipsis/Implicits	Conditionals	
554	entailment	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."	"If he stays in power longer,  it will be harder to exit."			Conditionals	
555	entailment	"If he stays in power longer,  it will be harder to exit."	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."			Conditionals	
556	entailment	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."	"The shorter he stays in power, the easier it will be to exit."	Lexical entailment		Conditionals	
557	entailment	"The shorter he stays in power, the easier it will be to exit."	"The longer he stays in power, the harder it will be to exit."	Lexical entailment		Conditionals	
558	entailment	Our deepest sympathies are with all those affected by this accident.	Our deepest sympathies are with a victim who was affected by this accident.			Universal	
559	not_entailment	Our deepest sympathies are with a victim who was affected by this accident.	Our deepest sympathies are with all those affected by this accident.			Universal	
560	entailment	There will be a comprehensive investigation involving authorities.	The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration will carry out a comprehensive investigation.			Existential	
561	not_entailment	The federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration will carry out a comprehensive investigation.	There will be a comprehensive investigation involving authorities.			Existential	
562	entailment	The crown prince's mother wouldn't be the first Saudi royal whose movements were restricted since June 2017.	The crown prince's mother wouldn't be the first royal whose movements were restricted since June 2017.			Non-monotone	
563	not_entailment	The crown prince's mother wouldn't be the first royal whose movements were restricted since June 2017.	The crown prince's mother wouldn't be the first Saudi royal whose movements were restricted since June 2017.			Non-monotone	
564	entailment	The Saudi Embassy in Washington denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.	Representatives of the Saudi government denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.				World knowledge
565	not_entailment	Representatives of the Saudi government denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.	The Saudi Embassy in Washington denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.				World knowledge
566	not_entailment	The Saudi Embassy in Washington denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.	American ambassadors to Riyadh denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.				World knowledge
567	not_entailment	American ambassadors to Riyadh denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.	The Saudi Embassy in Washington denied to NBC the claims that the princess is separated from her husband or under house arrest.				World knowledge
568	entailment	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."	"From a quick Google search, it was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable than Bitcoin."		Ellipsis/Implicits;Anaphora/Coreference		
569	entailment	"From a quick Google search, it was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable than Bitcoin."	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."		Ellipsis/Implicits;Anaphora/Coreference		
570	not_entailment	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable than Bitcoin Cash."		Ellipsis/Implicits;Anaphora/Coreference		
571	not_entailment	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable than Bitcoin Cash."	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."		Ellipsis/Implicits;Anaphora/Coreference		
572	not_entailment	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and Bitcoin's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."		Anaphora/Coreference		
573	not_entailment	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and Bitcoin's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."	"From a quick Google search, Bitcoin Cash was created as a hard fork of Bitcoin and it's supposed to be faster and more sustainable."		Anaphora/Coreference		
574	entailment	"Such a cute furry ball of personality, her last days were painful for her and us but at least I had the time to make my peace and say goodbye while she was still there."	"Such a cute furry ball of personality, her last nights were painful for her and us but at least I had the time to make my peace and say goodbye while she was still there."	Lexical entailment			Common sense
575	entailment	"Such a cute furry ball of personality, her last nights were painful for her and us but at least I had the time to make my peace and say goodbye while she was still there."	"Such a cute furry ball of personality, her last days were painful for her and us but at least I had the time to make my peace and say goodbye while she was still there."	Lexical entailment			Common sense
576	not_entailment	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam after a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam until a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	Lexical entailment		Temporal	
577	not_entailment	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam until a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam after a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	Lexical entailment		Temporal	
578	entailment	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam after a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam due in part to a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
579	entailment	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam due in part to a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	He abandoned the radical teachings of the Nation of Islam in favor of mainstream Islam after a pilgrimage to Mecca where he witnessed Muslims of all races coming together in solidarity.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
580	entailment	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.	"Every day around noon, I make it my goal to sift through one research paper."				World knowledge
581	entailment	"Every day around noon, I make it my goal to sift through one research paper."	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.				World knowledge
582	entailment	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.	"Today at lunch, I had the goal of sifting through one research paper."			Universal	
583	not_entailment	"Today at lunch, I had the goal of sifting through one research paper."	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.			Universal	
584	not_entailment	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.	"Every night, I make it my goal to sift through one research paper."	Lexical entailment			
585	not_entailment	"Every night, I make it my goal to sift through one research paper."	Every lunch hour I make it my goal to sift through one research paper.	Lexical entailment			
586	not_entailment	David Tennant's episodes were definitely the scariest (and best) in years.	David Tennant's episodes were definitely the scariest (and best) ever.			Temporal	
587	entailment	David Tennant's episodes were definitely the scariest (and best) ever.	David Tennant's episodes were definitely the scariest (and best) in years.			Temporal	
588	entailment	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the series.	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the Doctor Who series.	Redundancy	Ellipsis/Implicits		World knowledge
589	entailment	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the Doctor Who series.	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the series.	Redundancy	Ellipsis/Implicits		World knowledge
590	not_entailment	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the series.	"David Tennant is the best Doctor in the House, M.D. series."				World knowledge
591	not_entailment	"David Tennant is the best Doctor in the House, M.D. series."	David Tennant is the best Doctor in the series.				World knowledge
592	entailment	"Fun fact, that guy in the Ireland jacket is on SNL now."	"Fun fact, that guy in the Ireland jacket is on Saturday Night Live now."	Named entities			World knowledge
593	entailment	"Fun fact, that guy in the Ireland jacket is on Saturday Night Live now."	"Fun fact, that guy in the Ireland jacket is on SNL now."	Named entities			World knowledge
594	not_entailment	Last time I visited was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.	Last time I visited my friend was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.		Core args	Non-monotone	
595	not_entailment	Last time I visited my friend was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.	Last time I visited was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.		Core args	Non-monotone	
596	not_entailment	Last time I visited was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.	Last time I visited was more than 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.			Temporal	
597	not_entailment	Last time I visited was more than 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.	Last time I visited was nearly 6 months ago and I am still finding husky fur on my socks.			Temporal	
598	entailment	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	That perspective makes it seem gigantic.	Lexical entailment			
599	entailment	That perspective makes it seem gigantic.	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	Lexical entailment			
600	not_entailment	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	That perspective makes it look miniscule.	Lexical entailment			
601	not_entailment	That perspective makes it look miniscule.	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	Lexical entailment			
602	not_entailment	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	That perspective makes it sound gigantic.	Lexical entailment			
603	not_entailment	That perspective makes it sound gigantic.	That perspective makes it look gigantic.	Lexical entailment			
604	not_entailment	Unshielded radiation from a nuclear core could kill you in a matter of hours.	Unshielded radiation from a nuclear core will kill you in a matter of hours.	Lexical entailment;Factivity			
605	entailment	Unshielded radiation from a nuclear core will kill you in a matter of hours.	Unshielded radiation from a nuclear core could kill you in a matter of hours.	Lexical entailment;Factivity			
606	entailment	I think the unrealistic part is him surviving the blunt force of the blast.	He survived the blunt force of the blast.	Factivity			
607	not_entailment	He survived the blunt force of the blast.	I think the unrealistic part is him surviving the blunt force of the blast.	Factivity			
608	not_entailment	The theory that they are products of the radiation from the bomb is genius.	They are products of the radiation from the bomb.	Factivity			
609	not_entailment	They are products of the radiation from the bomb.	The theory that they are products of the radiation from the bomb is genius.	Factivity			
610	entailment	The theory that they are products of the radiation from the bomb is correct.	They are products of the radiation from the bomb.	Factivity			
611	entailment	They are products of the radiation from the bomb.	The theory that they are products of the radiation from the bomb is correct.	Factivity			
612	not_entailment	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."	"The last ~2.5 million years could be called ""humans""."		Relative clauses		
613	not_entailment	"The last ~2.5 million years could be called ""humans""."	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."		Relative clauses		
614	entailment	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."	"Plenty of other species could be called ""humans""."		Relative clauses		
615	not_entailment	"Plenty of other species could be called ""humans""."	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."		Relative clauses		
616	not_entailment	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."	"Every human alive today is a member of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."				Common sense
617	not_entailment	"Every human alive today is a member of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."	"Every human alive today is a member of the homo sapiens species, but there have been plenty of other species of humans over the last ~2.5 million years that could be called ""humans""."				Common sense
618	not_entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"		Coordination scope		
619	not_entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"		Coordination scope		
620	not_entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, out of affection to he"		Coordination scope	Negation	
621	not_entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, out of affection to he"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"		Coordination scope	Negation	
622	entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, out of the fondness of all the memories surrounding the time perio"		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases	Negation	
623	entailment	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, out of the fondness of all the memories surrounding the time perio"	"I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away, not out of affection to her, but rather the fondness of all the memories surrounding that time perio"		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases	Negation	
624	entailment	You know that some life changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.	You know that some actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
625	not_entailment	You know that some actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.	You know that some life changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
626	not_entailment	You know that some life changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.	You know that some life-changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with emoji.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone;Conditionals	
627	entailment	You know that some life-changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with emoji.	You know that some life changing actions must be taken when grandma reacts with the sad emoji.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone;Conditionals	
628	entailment	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.	I have always seen hummingbirds flying.	Quantifiers		Double negation	
629	entailment	I have always seen hummingbirds flying.	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.	Quantifiers		Double negation	
630	not_entailment	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.	I have never seen a hummingbird.			Downward monotone	
631	entailment	I have never seen a hummingbird.	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.			Downward monotone	
632	not_entailment	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.	I have never seen a bird not flying.	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
633	entailment	I have never seen a bird not flying.	I have never seen a hummingbird not flying.	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
634	entailment	I wish I could give both of you an upvote to share.	I wish I could give an upvote to both of you to share.		Datives		
635	entailment	I wish I could give an upvote to both of you to share.	I wish I could give both of you an upvote to share.		Datives		
636	entailment	I wish I could give both of you an upvote to share.	I wish both of you could get an upvote from me to share.		Datives		Common sense
637	entailment	I wish both of you could get an upvote from me to share.	I wish I could give both of you an upvote to share.		Datives		Common sense
638	not_entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds are red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).		Coordination scope		
639	not_entailment	Hummingbirds are red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).		Coordination scope		
640	entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).		Coordination scope		
641	not_entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).		Coordination scope		
642	entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	The feeders are usually coloured so as to attract hummingbirds.				Common sense
643	not_entailment	The feeders are usually coloured so as to attract hummingbirds.	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).				Common sense
644	not_entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds have monochromatic vision.				Common sense
645	not_entailment	Hummingbirds have monochromatic vision.	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).				Common sense
646	not_entailment	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).	Hummingbirds will feed from feeders of all colours.				Common sense
647	not_entailment	Hummingbirds will feed from feeders of all colours.	Hummingbirds are really attracted to bright orange and red (hence why the feeders are usually these colours).				Common sense
648	entailment	Temperature and snow consistency must be just right.	Temperature must be just right.			Conjunction	
649	not_entailment	Temperature must be just right.	Temperature and snow consistency must be just right.			Conjunction	
650	not_entailment	"After the clingers completely immobilize her, I carry her to the tub."	"After the clingers completely immobilize her, I carry her to the tub or sink."			Disjunction	
651	not_entailment	"After the clingers completely immobilize her, I carry her to the tub or sink."	"After the clingers completely immobilize her, I carry her to the tub."			Disjunction	
652	not_entailment	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.	Life is nothing at all.			Disjunction	
653	entailment	Life is nothing at all.	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.			Disjunction	
654	not_entailment	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.	Life is a daring adventure.			Disjunction	
655	entailment	Life is a daring adventure.	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.			Disjunction	
656	not_entailment	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.	Life is a not a daring adventure.			Disjunction;Negation	
657	not_entailment	Life is a not a daring adventure.	Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.			Disjunction;Negation	
658	not_entailment	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first 30 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
659	not_entailment	"Just watched the first 30 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
660	not_entailment	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first 10 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
661	not_entailment	"Just watched the first 10 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
662	entailment	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first quarter hour, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
663	entailment	"Just watched the first quarter hour, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."	"Just watched the first 15 minutes, got bored, skipped to the magic bit, it's funnier as a GIF."			Intervals/Numbers;Non-monotone	Common sense
664	entailment	Has bad reviews on Amazon but this clip was funny.	This clip was funny.			Conjunction	
665	not_entailment	This clip was funny.	Has bad reviews on Amazon but this clip was funny.			Conjunction	
666	not_entailment	"You’re walking through the woods, there’s no one around and your phone is dead, out of the corner of your eye you spot him, Shia LaBe"	"You’re walking through the woods, there are lurkers are around and your phone is dead, out of the corner of your eye you spot him, Shia LaBeou"	Quantifiers		Existential;Negation	
667	not_entailment	"You’re walking through the woods, there are lurkers are around and your phone is dead, out of the corner of your eye you spot him, Shia LaBeou"	"You’re walking through the woods, there’s no one around and your phone is dead, out of the corner of your eye you spot him, Shia LaBe"	Quantifiers		Existential;Negation	
668	not_entailment	Weird that you want to show something to a stack of papers.	Weird that you want to show this video to a stack of papers.			Existential;Upward monotone	
669	entailment	Weird that you want to show this video to a stack of papers.	Weird that you want to show something to a stack of papers.			Existential;Upward monotone	
670	not_entailment	I think this was part of the last season of Bojack Horseman.	I think this was part of the last episode of Bojack Horseman.				World knowledge
671	entailment	I think this was part of the last episode of Bojack Horseman.	I think this was part of the last season of Bojack Horseman.				World knowledge
672	entailment	"If you think about it, it's the perfect reverse psychology tactic."	It's the perfect reverse psychology tactic.			Conditionals	
673	entailment	It's the perfect reverse psychology tactic.	"If you think about it, it's the perfect reverse psychology tactic."			Conditionals	
674	entailment	This is honestly the most oniony article I've seen on the entire internet.	This article reads like satire.				World knowledge
675	not_entailment	This article reads like satire.	This is honestly the most oniony article I've seen on the entire internet.				World knowledge
676	entailment	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."	My jokes fully reveal my character.				Common sense
677	entailment	My jokes fully reveal my character.	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."				Common sense
678	not_entailment	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."	My jokes reflect exactly zero of my character.				Common sense
679	not_entailment	My jokes reflect exactly zero of my character.	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."				Common sense
680	not_entailment	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd be quite concerned for me."				Common sense
681	not_entailment	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd be quite concerned for me."	"If everyone believed my jokes, they'd know exactly who I was."				Common sense
682	entailment	In the 1890's a typical worker worked 60 hours per week; down to 48 by 1920 and 40 by 1940.	Working hours go up as you look further back in time from 1940.			Intervals/Numbers	
683	not_entailment	Working hours go up as you look further back in time from 1940.	In the 1890's a typical worker worked 60 hours per week; down to 48 by 1920 and 40 by 1940.			Intervals/Numbers	
684	not_entailment	In the 1890's a typical worker worked 60 hours per week; down to 48 by 1920 and 40 by 1940.	Working hours go down as you look further back in time from 1940.			Intervals/Numbers	
685	not_entailment	Working hours go down as you look further back in time from 1940.	In the 1890's a typical worker worked 60 hours per week; down to 48 by 1920 and 40 by 1940.			Intervals/Numbers	
686	entailment	There was a book I was trying to import and I saw that it was finally available with Amazon Prime shipping and I ended up paying like double the other prices to have it in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.	I waited until Prime availability and paid a higher sticker price for a book so I could get free 2-day shipping.				World knowledge
687	not_entailment	I waited until Prime availability and paid a higher sticker price for a book so I could get free 2-day shipping.	There was a book I was trying to import and I saw that it was finally available with Amazon Prime shipping and I ended up paying like double the other prices to have it in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.				World knowledge
688	not_entailment	There was a book I was trying to import and I saw that it was finally available with Amazon Prime shipping and I ended up paying like double the other prices to have it in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.	I waited until Prime availability and paid a higher Shipping & Handling fee to have a book in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.				World knowledge
689	not_entailment	I waited until Prime availability and paid a higher Shipping & Handling fee to have a book in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.	There was a book I was trying to import and I saw that it was finally available with Amazon Prime shipping and I ended up paying like double the other prices to have it in 2 days vs. 2 weeks.				World knowledge
690	entailment	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.	The Labor Theory of Value is at the heart of the economics of cost.				World knowledge
691	entailment	The Labor Theory of Value is at the heart of the economics of cost.	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.				World knowledge
692	not_entailment	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.	The Labor Theory of Value is a scarce determinant of the economics of cost.				World knowledge
693	not_entailment	The Labor Theory of Value is a scarce determinant of the economics of cost.	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.				World knowledge
694	not_entailment	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things are related to the value of human labor.				World knowledge
695	not_entailment	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things are related to the value of human labor.	Supply and demand... scarcity... all these economic principles that determine the cost of things really boil down to the value of human labor.				World knowledge
696	entailment	"While their designed displacement was 262 tonnes (258 long tons), they displaced about 320 tonnes (310 long tons) fully loaded."	Their loading capacity was about 58 tonnes.			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
697	entailment	Their loading capacity was about 58 tonnes.	"While their designed displacement was 262 tonnes (258 long tons), they displaced about 320 tonnes (310 long tons) fully loaded."			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
698	not_entailment	"While their designed displacement was 262 tonnes (258 long tons), they displaced about 320 tonnes (310 long tons) fully loaded."	Their loading capacity was about 262 tonnes.			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
699	not_entailment	Their loading capacity was about 262 tonnes.	"While their designed displacement was 262 tonnes (258 long tons), they displaced about 320 tonnes (310 long tons) fully loaded."			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
700	not_entailment	"Due to inadequate funding, 76 T and the rest of the 250t class were essentially coastal vessels, despite the original intention that they would be used for ""high seas"" operations."	"Due to inadequate funding, 76 T and the rest of the 250t class were essentially high seas vessels, despite the original intention that they would be used for coastal operations."	Lexical entailment	Core args		
701	not_entailment	"Due to inadequate funding, 76 T and the rest of the 250t class were essentially high seas vessels, despite the original intention that they would be used for coastal operations."	"Due to inadequate funding, 76 T and the rest of the 250t class were essentially coastal vessels, despite the original intention that they would be used for ""high seas"" operations."	Lexical entailment	Core args		
702	entailment	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Cologne."	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Germany."				World knowledge
703	not_entailment	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Germany."	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Cologne."				World knowledge
704	not_entailment	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Cologne."	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Italy."				World knowledge
705	not_entailment	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Italy."	"He stayed in England until November 1918, when he again took up his YMCA duties, establishing a rest hut and library in Cologne."				World knowledge
706	not_entailment	"Throughout the Raffles stories patriotism runs as an intermittent theme—to such an extent that the writer William Vivian Butler describes him as ""super-patriot""."	"Throughout the Raffles stories patriotism runs as an intermittent theme—to such an extent that the writer William Vivian Butler describes him as ""anti-patriot""."	Lexical entailment			
707	not_entailment	"Throughout the Raffles stories patriotism runs as an intermittent theme—to such an extent that the writer William Vivian Butler describes him as ""anti-patriot""."	"Throughout the Raffles stories patriotism runs as an intermittent theme—to such an extent that the writer William Vivian Butler describes him as ""super-patriot""."	Lexical entailment			
708	not_entailment	"A faint constellation, its three brightest stars—Alpha, Beta and Gamma Pyxidis—are in a rough l"	"A faint constellation, its three brightest stars—Alpha, Beta and Gamma Pyxidis—are in an equilateral trian"	Lexical entailment			Common sense
709	not_entailment	"A faint constellation, its three brightest stars—Alpha, Beta and Gamma Pyxidis—are in an equilateral trian"	"A faint constellation, its three brightest stars—Alpha, Beta and Gamma Pyxidis—are in a rough l"	Lexical entailment			Common sense
710	entailment	"Kappa Pyxidis was catalogued but not given a Bayer designation by Lacaille, but Gould felt the star was bright enough to warrant a letter."	Lacaille and Gould agreed about the designation of Kappa Pyxidis.				Common sense
711	not_entailment	Lacaille and Gould agreed about the designation of Kappa Pyxidis.	"Kappa Pyxidis was catalogued but not given a Bayer designation by Lacaille, but Gould felt the star was bright enough to warrant a letter."				Common sense
712	not_entailment	"Kappa Pyxidis was catalogued but not given a Bayer designation by Lacaille, but Gould felt the star was bright enough to warrant a letter."	Lacaille and Gould disagreed about the designation of Kappa Pyxidis.				Common sense
713	not_entailment	Lacaille and Gould disagreed about the designation of Kappa Pyxidis.	"Kappa Pyxidis was catalogued but not given a Bayer designation by Lacaille, but Gould felt the star was bright enough to warrant a letter."				Common sense
714	entailment	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the Baltimore Police eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the police of the City of Baltimore eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	Named entities	Genitives/Partitives		
715	entailment	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the police of the City of Baltimore eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the Baltimore Police eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	Named entities	Genitives/Partitives		
716	not_entailment	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the Baltimore Police eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the police of from outside Baltimore eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	Named entities			Common sense
717	not_entailment	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the police of from outside Baltimore eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	"A formation of approximately 50 officers of the Baltimore Police eventually placed themselves between the rioters and the militiamen, allowing the 6th Massachusetts to proceed to Camden Station."	Named entities			Common sense
718	entailment	"The regiment returned to Baltimore on May 13, when Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	"On May 13, Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."			Conjunction	
719	not_entailment	"On May 13, Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	"The regiment returned to Baltimore on May 13, when Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."			Conjunction	
720	not_entailment	"The regiment returned to Baltimore on May 13, when Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	"Long before May 13, Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	Lexical entailment		Temporal;Conjunction	
721	not_entailment	"Long before May 13, Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	"The regiment returned to Baltimore on May 13, when Major General Benjamin F. Butler occupied the city with several Union regiments in anticipation of a Confederate attack on Baltimore which never developed."	Lexical entailment		Temporal;Conjunction	
722	not_entailment	"Threatened by habitat loss and hunting, ruffed lemurs are facing extinction in the wild."	"Threatened by habitat loss and hunting, ruffed lemurs are extinct in the wild."	Factivity			
723	not_entailment	"Threatened by habitat loss and hunting, ruffed lemurs are extinct in the wild."	"Threatened by habitat loss and hunting, ruffed lemurs are facing extinction in the wild."	Factivity			
724	not_entailment	"White-headed lemurs, on the other hand, prefer the understory and lower canopy, below 15 m (49 ft), while the ruffed lemurs mainly keep to the upper canopy, above 15 m (49 ft)."	Ruffed lemurs prefer to live lower than white-headed lemurs.			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
725	not_entailment	Ruffed lemurs prefer to live lower than white-headed lemurs.	"White-headed lemurs, on the other hand, prefer the understory and lower canopy, below 15 m (49 ft), while the ruffed lemurs mainly keep to the upper canopy, above 15 m (49 ft)."			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
726	entailment	"White-headed lemurs, on the other hand, prefer the understory and lower canopy, below 15 m (49 ft), while the ruffed lemurs mainly keep to the upper canopy, above 15 m (49 ft)."	Ruffed lemurs prefer to live higher than white-headed lemurs.			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
727	not_entailment	Ruffed lemurs prefer to live higher than white-headed lemurs.	"White-headed lemurs, on the other hand, prefer the understory and lower canopy, below 15 m (49 ft), while the ruffed lemurs mainly keep to the upper canopy, above 15 m (49 ft)."			Intervals/Numbers	Common sense
728	not_entailment	"They are diurnal; although peak activity occurs during the early morning and late afternoon or evening, resting usually occurs around midday."	"They are nocturnal; although peak activity occurs during the early morning and late afternoon or evening, resting usually occurs around midnight."	Lexical entailment			
729	not_entailment	"They are nocturnal; although peak activity occurs during the early morning and late afternoon or evening, resting usually occurs around midnight."	"They are diurnal; although peak activity occurs during the early morning and late afternoon or evening, resting usually occurs around midday."	Lexical entailment			
730	entailment	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and had to withdraw."	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and was damaged."				Common sense
731	not_entailment	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and was damaged."	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and had to withdraw."				Common sense
732	not_entailment	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and had to withdraw."	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and was destroyed."				Common sense
733	not_entailment	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and was destroyed."	"The battlecruiser Seydlitz struck a mine while en route to the target, and had to withdraw."				Common sense
734	entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassin."		Anaphora/Coreference		World knowledge
735	entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.'s assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."		Anaphora/Coreference		World knowledge
736	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Kennedy's assassin."		Anaphora/Coreference		World knowledge
737	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Kennedy's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."		Anaphora/Coreference		World knowledge
738	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Malcolm X's assassin."				World knowledge
739	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of Malcolm X's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."				World knowledge
740	entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of his assassin."		Restrictivity		
741	entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of his assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."		Restrictivity		
742	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader."		Core args		
743	not_entailment	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader."	"By saying this, Kennedy was admonishing people not to riot in wake of King's death and in effect equating their actions to that of the civil rights leader's assassin."		Core args		
744	not_entailment	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people increasingly succumbing to its violent tendencies that undermined its national ideals."	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people that undermined its national ideals."		Relative clauses		
745	not_entailment	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people that undermined its national ideals."	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people increasingly succumbing to its violent tendencies that undermined its national ideals."		Relative clauses		
746	entailment	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people increasingly succumbing to its violent tendencies that undermined its national ideals."	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public's violent tendencies as undermining its national ideals."		Relative clauses		
747	not_entailment	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public's violent tendencies as undermining its national ideals."	"After quoting Abraham Lincoln, he portrayed the American public as a people increasingly succumbing to its violent tendencies that undermined its national ideals."		Relative clauses		
748	entailment	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities, and rarely concentrated in one pit."		Coordination scope	Disjunction;Conjunction	
749	entailment	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities, and rarely concentrated in one pit."	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."		Coordination scope	Disjunction;Conjunction	
750	not_entailment	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites concentrated in one pit, but rarely in such quantities."		Coordination scope	Disjunction;Conjunction	
751	not_entailment	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites concentrated in one pit, but rarely in such quantities."	"Hazelnuts have often been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."		Coordination scope	Disjunction;Conjunction	
752	not_entailment	"Hazelnuts have been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."	Hazelnuts have rarely been found on other Mesolithic sites.		Core args		
753	not_entailment	Hazelnuts have rarely been found on other Mesolithic sites.	"Hazelnuts have been found on other Mesolithic sites, but rarely in such quantities or concentrated in one pit."		Core args		
754	entailment	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	Makers of chocolate confectioneries use at least 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts.				World knowledge
755	not_entailment	Makers of chocolate confectioneries use at least 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts.	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."				World knowledge
756	not_entailment	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	Makers of nuts use at least 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts.				World knowledge
757	not_entailment	Makers of nuts use at least 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts.	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."				World knowledge
758	not_entailment	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses almost 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	Factivity			
759	not_entailment	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses almost 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	"Ferrero SpA, the maker of Nutella and Ferrero Rocher, uses 25% of the global supply of hazelnuts."	Factivity			
760	not_entailment	"Dacquoise, a French dessert cake, often contains a layer of hazelnut meringue."	"Dacquoise, a French dessert cake, always contains a layer of hazelnut meringue."	Lexical entailment;Quantifiers			
761	entailment	"Dacquoise, a French dessert cake, always contains a layer of hazelnut meringue."	"Dacquoise, a French dessert cake, often contains a layer of hazelnut meringue."	Lexical entailment;Quantifiers			
762	entailment	"Middens with damp, anaerobic conditions can even preserve organic remains."	Dry conditions and oxygen contribute to the degredation of organic remains in middens.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
763	entailment	Dry conditions and oxygen contribute to the degredation of organic remains in middens.	"Middens with damp, anaerobic conditions can even preserve organic remains."	Lexical entailment			Common sense
764	not_entailment	"Middens with damp, anaerobic conditions can even preserve organic remains."	Damp conditions and lack of oxygen contribute to the degredation of organic remains in middens.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
765	not_entailment	Damp conditions and lack of oxygen contribute to the degredation of organic remains in middens.	"Middens with damp, anaerobic conditions can even preserve organic remains."	Lexical entailment			Common sense
766	entailment	Mass analysis is based on analyzing debitage populations based on their size distribution across specified size grades.	One form of debitage analysis is based on analyzing debitage populations based on their size distribution across specified size grades.			Existential	
767	not_entailment	One form of debitage analysis is based on analyzing debitage populations based on their size distribution across specified size grades.	Mass analysis is based on analyzing debitage populations based on their size distribution across specified size grades.			Existential	
768	not_entailment	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."	"In some (e.g. Quercus), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Castanea), they are not."		Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
769	not_entailment	"In some (e.g. Quercus), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Castanea), they are not."	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."		Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
770	entailment	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."	"In Castanea, the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in most Quercus, they are not."		Anaphora/Coreference	Existential	
771	not_entailment	"In Castanea, the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in most Quercus, they are not."	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."		Anaphora/Coreference	Existential	
772	entailment	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not developed into sharp spines."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
773	entailment	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not developed into sharp spines."	"In some (e.g. Castanea), the scales are developed into sharp spines, giving the nut protection from squirrels and other seed predators, while in others (e.g. most Quercus), they are not."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
774	entailment	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.	Prismatic blades appeared in high frequencies during the Upper Paleolithic.			Temporal	
775	not_entailment	Prismatic blades appeared in high frequencies during the Upper Paleolithic.	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.			Temporal	
776	not_entailment	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.	Prismatic blades appeared in high frequencies during the Middle Paleolithic.			Temporal	
777	not_entailment	Prismatic blades appeared in high frequencies during the Middle Paleolithic.	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.			Temporal	
778	entailment	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.	Prismatic appeared in high frequencies after the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.			Temporal	
779	not_entailment	Prismatic appeared in high frequencies after the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.	Prismatic blades begin to appear in high frequencies during the transition between the Middle and Upper Paleolithic.			Temporal	
780	entailment	"The track was originally titled ""Seibu"" and was almost left off the album before it was rediscovered later during the recording sessions."	"The track was originally titled ""Seibu"" and was left off the album before it was rediscovered later during the recording sessions."	Factivity			
781	entailment	"The track was originally titled ""Seibu"" and was left off the album before it was rediscovered later during the recording sessions."	"The track was originally titled ""Seibu"" and was almost left off the album before it was rediscovered later during the recording sessions."	Factivity			
782	not_entailment	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest child of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	Named entities		Non-monotone	Common sense
783	entailment	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest child of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	Named entities		Non-monotone	Common sense
784	not_entailment	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest able-bodied son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."			Non-monotone	
785	not_entailment	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest able-bodied son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."	"At the age of 24, she was betrothed to Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, the eldest son of the Prince of Wales, but six weeks after the announcement of the engagement, he died unexpectedly of pneumonia."			Non-monotone	
786	entailment	"She was the eldest of four children, the only girl, and ""learned to exercise her native discretion, firmness, and tact"" by resolving her three younger brothers' petty boyhood squabbles."	"She was the eldest of four children, the only girl, and ""learned to exercise her native discretion, firmness, and tact"" by resolving her three brothers' petty boyhood squabbles."	Redundancy	Restrictivity		Common sense
787	entailment	"She was the eldest of four children, the only girl, and ""learned to exercise her native discretion, firmness, and tact"" by resolving her three brothers' petty boyhood squabbles."	"She was the eldest of four children, the only girl, and ""learned to exercise her native discretion, firmness, and tact"" by resolving her three younger brothers' petty boyhood squabbles."	Redundancy	Restrictivity		Common sense
788	entailment	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with teeth of different forms depending on their position in the mouth."	Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont.		Restrictivity		World knowledge
789	entailment	Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont.	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with teeth of different forms depending on their position in the mouth."		Restrictivity		World knowledge
790	not_entailment	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with teeth of different forms depending on their position in the mouth."	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with lots of teeth."		Restrictivity		World knowledge
791	entailment	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with lots of teeth."	"Albertosaurus and other tyrannosaurids were heterodont, with teeth of different forms depending on their position in the mouth."		Restrictivity		World knowledge
792	not_entailment	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."	"All of these are today seen as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."			Disjunction	
793	entailment	"All of these are today seen as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."			Disjunction	
794	entailment	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are distinguished from Albertosaurus."	Lexical entailment		Double negation	
795	entailment	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are distinguished from Albertosaurus."	"All of these are today seen as younger synonyms of other species or as nomina dubia, and are not assigned to Albertosaurus."	Lexical entailment		Double negation	
796	entailment	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"	"Masséna knew that Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, uniting with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
797	entailment	"Masséna knew that Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, uniting with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
798	not_entailment	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna doubted Charles would attack and push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
799	not_entailment	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna doubted Charles would attack and push him out of Züric"	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
800	not_entailment	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna would prepare for Charles to attack and very likely push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
801	not_entailment	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna would prepare for Charles to attack and very likely push him out of Züric"	"If Charles' left wing, commanded by Nauendorf, united with Hotze's force, approaching from the east, Masséna knew Charles would attack and very likely push him out of Züric"			Conditionals	
802	entailment	"Ferdinand of Naples refused to pay agreed-upon tribute to France, and his subjects followed this refusal with a rebellion."	"Ferdinand of Naples refused to pay France the agreed-upon tribute, and his subjects followed this refusal with a rebellion."		Datives		
803	entailment	"Ferdinand of Naples refused to pay France the agreed-upon tribute, and his subjects followed this refusal with a rebellion."	"Ferdinand of Naples refused to pay agreed-upon tribute to France, and his subjects followed this refusal with a rebellion."		Datives		
804	entailment	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian tenacity and military skill."	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian military skill and tenacity."		Coordination scope		
805	entailment	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian military skill and tenacity."	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian tenacity and military skill."		Coordination scope		
806	entailment	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian tenacity and military skill."	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian military skill."		Coordination scope		
807	not_entailment	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian military skill."	"Furthermore, the French dangerously underestimated Austrian tenacity and military skill."		Coordination scope		
808	entailment	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in most specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	Quantifiers			
809	not_entailment	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in most specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	Quantifiers			
810	entailment	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	"There are four scales above the eyes in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	Redundancy	Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
811	entailment	"There are four scales above the eyes in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	"There are four supraocular scales (above the eyes) in almost all specimens and five supraciliary scales (immediately above the eyes, below the supraoculars)."	Redundancy	Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
812	entailment	"All 860 officers and men on board, including Spee, went down with the ship."	Spee went down with the ship.			Universal	
813	not_entailment	Spee went down with the ship.	"All 860 officers and men on board, including Spee, went down with the ship."			Universal	
814	not_entailment	"Regional governors could not rely on the king for help in times of crisis, and the ensuing food shortages and political disputes escalated into famines and small-scale civil wars."	"Regional governors could not rely on anyone for help in times of crisis, and the ensuing food shortages and political disputes escalated into famines and small-scale civil wars."	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone;Existential;Negation	
815	entailment	"Regional governors could not rely on anyone for help in times of crisis, and the ensuing food shortages and political disputes escalated into famines and small-scale civil wars."	"Regional governors could not rely on the king for help in times of crisis, and the ensuing food shortages and political disputes escalated into famines and small-scale civil wars."	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone;Existential;Negation	
816	entailment	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
817	entailment	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
818	not_entailment	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom of China restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
819	not_entailment	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom of China restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
820	entailment	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of Egypt restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
821	not_entailment	"The pharaohs of Egypt restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."	"The pharaohs of the Middle Kingdom restored the country's stability and prosperity, thereby stimulating a resurgence of art, literature, and monumental building projects."				World knowledge
822	entailment	The 15th Tank Corps was a tank corps of the Soviet Union's Red Army.	The 15th Tank Corps was a corps of the Soviet Union's Red Army.	Redundancy		Upward monotone	
823	entailment	The 15th Tank Corps was a corps of the Soviet Union's Red Army.	The 15th Tank Corps was a tank corps of the Soviet Union's Red Army.	Redundancy		Upward monotone	
824	not_entailment	I can't believe it's not butter.	It's not butter.	Factivity		Negation	
825	not_entailment	It's not butter.	I can't believe it's not butter.	Factivity		Negation	
826	not_entailment	I can't believe it's not butter.	It's butter.	Factivity		Negation	
827	not_entailment	It's butter.	I can't believe it's not butter.	Factivity		Negation	
828	not_entailment	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	"However, these regularities are always obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	Quantifiers			
829	not_entailment	"However, these regularities are always obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	Quantifiers			
830	entailment	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by syntactic differences."	Quantifiers		Conjunction	
831	not_entailment	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by syntactic differences."	"However, these regularities are sometimes obscured by semantic and syntactic differences."	Quantifiers		Conjunction	
832	entailment	"In grounded communication tasks, speakers face pressures in choosing referential expressions that distinguish their targets from others in the context, leading to many kinds of pragmatic meaning enrichment."	"In grounded communication tasks, speakers face pressures in choosing referential expressions that distinguish their targets from others in the context, leading to many kinds of meaning enrichment."	Redundancy	Intersectivity	Upward monotone	World knowledge
833	entailment	"In grounded communication tasks, speakers face pressures in choosing referential expressions that distinguish their targets from others in the context, leading to many kinds of meaning enrichment."	"In grounded communication tasks, speakers face pressures in choosing referential expressions that distinguish their targets from others in the context, leading to many kinds of pragmatic meaning enrichment."	Redundancy	Intersectivity	Upward monotone	World knowledge
834	entailment	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the others."	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the other colors."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
835	entailment	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the other colors."	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the others."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
836	not_entailment	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the others."	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the other utterances."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
837	not_entailment	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the other utterances."	"Thus, a model of the speaker must process representations of the colors in the context and produce an utterance to distinguish the target color from the others."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
838	not_entailment	"While most successful approaches for reading comprehension rely on recurrent neural networks (RNNs), running them over long documents is prohibitively slow because it is difficult to parallelize over sequences."	"While most approaches for reading comprehension rely on recurrent neural networks (RNNs), running them over long documents is prohibitively slow because it is difficult to parallelize over sequences."		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
839	not_entailment	"While most approaches for reading comprehension rely on recurrent neural networks (RNNs), running them over long documents is prohibitively slow because it is difficult to parallelize over sequences."	"While most successful approaches for reading comprehension rely on recurrent neural networks (RNNs), running them over long documents is prohibitively slow because it is difficult to parallelize over sequences."		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
840	not_entailment	"Due to the structure and short length of most Wikipedia documents (median number of sentences: 9), the answer can usually be inferred from the first few sentences."	"Due to the structure and short length of most Wikipedia documents (median number of sentences: 9), the answer can always be inferred from the first few sentences."	Quantifiers			
841	entailment	"Due to the structure and short length of most Wikipedia documents (median number of sentences: 9), the answer can always be inferred from the first few sentences."	"Due to the structure and short length of most Wikipedia documents (median number of sentences: 9), the answer can usually be inferred from the first few sentences."	Quantifiers			
842	entailment	"Each captures only a single aspect of coherence, and all focus on scoring existing sentences, rather than on generating coherent discourse for tasks like abstractive summarization."	"Each captures only a single aspect of coherence and focuses on scoring existing sentences, rather than on generating coherent discourse for tasks like abstractive summarization."			Universal;Conjunction	
843	entailment	"Each captures only a single aspect of coherence and focuses on scoring existing sentences, rather than on generating coherent discourse for tasks like abstractive summarization."	"Each captures only a single aspect of coherence, and all focus on scoring existing sentences, rather than on generating coherent discourse for tasks like abstractive summarization."			Universal;Conjunction	
844	not_entailment	"In a coherent context, a machine should be able to guess the next utterance given the preceding ones."	"In a coherent context, a machine can guess the next utterance given the preceding ones."	Factivity			
845	not_entailment	"In a coherent context, a machine can guess the next utterance given the preceding ones."	"In a coherent context, a machine should be able to guess the next utterance given the preceding ones."	Factivity			
846	not_entailment	"We thus propose eliminating the influence of the language model, which yields the following coherence score."	The language model yields the following coherence score.		Relative clauses		
847	not_entailment	The language model yields the following coherence score.	"We thus propose eliminating the influence of the language model, which yields the following coherence score."		Relative clauses		
848	entailment	"We thus propose eliminating the influence of the language model, which yields the following coherence score."	Eliminating the influence of the language model yields the following coherence score.		Relative clauses		
849	not_entailment	Eliminating the influence of the language model yields the following coherence score.	"We thus propose eliminating the influence of the language model, which yields the following coherence score."		Relative clauses		
850	not_entailment	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word) rather than on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	Factivity			
851	not_entailment	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word) rather than on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	Factivity			
852	entailment	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word) rather than on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word).	Factivity			
853	entailment	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word).	The topic for the current sentence is drawn based on the topic of the preceding sentence (or word) rather than on the global document-level topic distribution in vanilla LDA.	Factivity			
854	entailment	We publicly share our dataset and code for future research.	We publicly share our dataset for future research.		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases		
855	not_entailment	We publicly share our dataset for future research.	We publicly share our dataset and code for future research.		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases		
856	not_entailment	We publicly share our dataset and code for future research.	We code for future research.		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases		
857	not_entailment	We code for future research.	We publicly share our dataset and code for future research.		Coordination scope;Prepositional phrases		
858	entailment	This gives the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.	This gives to the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.		Datives		
859	entailment	This gives to the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.	This gives the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.		Datives		
860	not_entailment	This gives the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.	This gives the model to a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.		Datives		
861	not_entailment	This gives the model to a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.	This gives the model a sense of the implied action dynamics of the verb between the agent and the world.		Datives		
862	entailment	This attribute group specifies prominent body parts involved in carrying out the action.	This attribute group specifies prominent limbs involved in carrying out the action.	Lexical entailment			
863	not_entailment	This attribute group specifies prominent limbs involved in carrying out the action.	This attribute group specifies prominent body parts involved in carrying out the action.	Lexical entailment			
864	entailment	"This problem has been studied before for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."	"This problem has been previously studied for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."			Temporal	
865	entailment	"This problem has been previously studied for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."	"This problem has been studied before for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."			Temporal	
866	not_entailment	"This problem has been studied before for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."	"This problem will be studied for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."			Temporal	
867	not_entailment	"This problem will be studied for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."	"This problem has been studied before for zero-shot object recognition, but there are several key differences."			Temporal	
868	not_entailment	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.	Understanding a long document requires evolving over time.		Coordination scope		
869	not_entailment	Understanding a long document requires evolving over time.	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.		Coordination scope		
870	entailment	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities evolve over time.		Coordination scope		
871	not_entailment	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities evolve over time.	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.		Coordination scope		
872	entailment	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.	Understanding a long document requires understanding how entities are introduced.			Conjunction;Upward monotone	
873	not_entailment	Understanding a long document requires understanding how entities are introduced.	Understanding a long document requires tracking how entities are introduced and evolve over time.			Conjunction;Upward monotone	
874	not_entailment	We do not assume that these variables are observed at test time.	These variables are not observed at test time.	Factivity			
875	not_entailment	These variables are not observed at test time.	We do not assume that these variables are observed at test time.	Factivity			
876	entailment	"To compute the perplexity numbers on the test data, our model only takes account of log probabilities on word prediction."	"To compute the perplexity numbers on the test data, our model doesn't take account of anything other than the log probabilities on word prediction."			Double negation	
877	entailment	"To compute the perplexity numbers on the test data, our model doesn't take account of anything other than the log probabilities on word prediction."	"To compute the perplexity numbers on the test data, our model only takes account of log probabilities on word prediction."			Double negation	
878	entailment	We also experiment with the option to either use the pretrained GloVe word embeddings or randomly initialized word embeddings (then updated during training).	We experiment with the option using randomly initialized word embeddings (then updated during training).			Disjunction	
879	not_entailment	We experiment with the option using randomly initialized word embeddings (then updated during training).	We also experiment with the option to either use the pretrained GloVe word embeddings or randomly initialized word embeddings (then updated during training).			Disjunction	
880	not_entailment	The entity prediction task requires predicting xxxx given the preceding text either by choosing a previously mentioned entity or deciding that this is a “new entity	The entity prediction task requires predicting xxxx given the preceding text by choosing a previously mentioned entity.			Disjunction;Non-monotone	
881	not_entailment	The entity prediction task requires predicting xxxx given the preceding text by choosing a previously mentioned entity.	The entity prediction task requires predicting xxxx given the preceding text either by choosing a previously mentioned entity or deciding that this is a “new entity			Disjunction;Non-monotone	
882	entailment	So there is no dedicated memory block for every entity and no distinction between entity mentions and non-mention words.	So there is no dedicated high-dimensional memory block for every entity and no distinction between entity mentions and non-mention words.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
883	not_entailment	So there is no dedicated high-dimensional memory block for every entity and no distinction between entity mentions and non-mention words.	So there is no dedicated memory block for every entity and no distinction between entity mentions and non-mention words.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
884	entailment	Our approach complements these previous methods.	Our approach complements some previous methods.			Existential	
885	not_entailment	Our approach complements some previous methods.	Our approach complements these previous methods.			Existential	
886	entailment	"We manually annotated 687 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."	"We manually annotated over 650 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."			Intervals/Numbers	
887	not_entailment	"We manually annotated over 650 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."	"We manually annotated 687 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."			Intervals/Numbers	
888	not_entailment	"We manually annotated 687 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."	"We manually annotated over 690 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."			Intervals/Numbers	
889	not_entailment	"We manually annotated over 690 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."	"We manually annotated 687 templates mapping KB predicates to text for different compositionality types (with 462 unique KB predicates), and use those templates to modify the original WebQuestionsSP question according to the meaning of the generated SPARQL query."			Intervals/Numbers	
890	entailment	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was high compared to the MG question."	"To generate diversity, workers whose paraphrases had high edit distance compared to the MG question got a bonus."		Relative clauses;Restrictivity	Conditionals	
891	entailment	"To generate diversity, workers whose paraphrases had high edit distance compared to the MG question got a bonus."	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was high compared to the MG question."		Relative clauses;Restrictivity	Conditionals	
892	not_entailment	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was high compared to the MG question."	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was above 3 operations compared to the MG question."		Relative clauses;Restrictivity	Conditionals	
893	not_entailment	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was above 3 operations compared to the MG question."	"To generate diversity, workers got a bonus if the edit distance of a paraphrase was high compared to the MG question."		Relative clauses;Restrictivity	Conditionals	
894	not_entailment	"To generate complex questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	"To generate simple questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	Lexical entailment			
895	not_entailment	"To generate simple questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	"To generate complex questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	Lexical entailment			
896	entailment	"To generate complex questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	"To generate highly compositional questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."				World knowledge
897	entailment	"To generate highly compositional questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."	"To generate complex questions we use the dataset WEBQUESTIONSSP, which contains 4,737 questions paired with SPARQL queries for Freebase."				World knowledge
898	entailment	"In this paper, we explore the idea of polyglot semantic translation, or learning semantic parsing models that are trained on multiple datasets and natural languages."	"In this paper, we explore the idea of learning semantic parsing models that are trained on multiple datasets and natural languages."		Restrictivity		World knowledge
899	entailment	"In this paper, we explore the idea of learning semantic parsing models that are trained on multiple datasets and natural languages."	"In this paper, we explore the idea of polyglot semantic translation, or learning semantic parsing models that are trained on multiple datasets and natural languages."		Restrictivity		World knowledge
900	not_entailment	They then use a discriminative model to rerank the translation output using additional nonworld level features.	They then use a generative model to rerank the translation output using additional nonworld level features.	Lexical entailment			
901	not_entailment	They then use a generative model to rerank the translation output using additional nonworld level features.	They then use a discriminative model to rerank the translation output using additional nonworld level features.	Lexical entailment			
902	entailment	"In contrast to standard MT tasks, we are dealing with a relatively low-resource setting where the sparseness of the target vocabulary is an issue."	"Unlike in standard MT tasks, we are dealing with a relatively low-resource setting where the sparseness of the target vocabulary is an issue."	Lexical entailment			
903	entailment	"Unlike in standard MT tasks, we are dealing with a relatively low-resource setting where the sparseness of the target vocabulary is an issue."	"In contrast to standard MT tasks, we are dealing with a relatively low-resource setting where the sparseness of the target vocabulary is an issue."	Lexical entailment			
904	entailment	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.	Logits are then computed for these actions and particular actions are chosen according to a softmax over these logits during training and decoding.				World knowledge
905	entailment	Logits are then computed for these actions and particular actions are chosen according to a softmax over these logits during training and decoding.	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.				World knowledge
906	entailment	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a maximum-entropy approach and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.				World knowledge
907	not_entailment	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a maximum-entropy approach and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.				World knowledge
908	not_entailment	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen randomly during training and decoding.	Lexical entailment			
909	not_entailment	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen randomly during training and decoding.	A distribution is then computed over these actions using a softmax function and particular actions are chosen accordingly during training and decoding.	Lexical entailment			
910	entailment	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed word-by-word, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."	The systems thus produced support the capability to interrupt an interlocutor mid-sentence.				Common sense
911	not_entailment	The systems thus produced support the capability to interrupt an interlocutor mid-sentence.	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed word-by-word, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."				Common sense
912	not_entailment	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed word-by-word, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed sentence-by-sentence, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."	Lexical entailment			
913	not_entailment	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed sentence-by-sentence, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."	"The systems thus produced are incremental: dialogues are processed word-by-word, shown previously to be essential in supporting natural, spontaneous dialogue."	Lexical entailment			
914	entailment	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one example is enough from which to learn."	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one-shot learning is sufficient."				World knowledge
915	entailment	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one-shot learning is sufficient."	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one example is enough from which to learn."				World knowledge
916	not_entailment	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one example is enough from which to learn."	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, any number of examples is enough from which to learn."			Upward monotone	
917	not_entailment	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, any number of examples is enough from which to learn."	"Indeed, it is often stated that for humans to learn how to perform adequately in a domain, one example is enough from which to learn."			Upward monotone	
918	entailment	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end NLG."	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end natural language generation."	Named entities			World knowledge
919	entailment	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end natural language generation."	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end NLG."	Named entities			World knowledge
920	not_entailment	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end NLG."	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end natural language parsing."	Named entities			World knowledge
921	not_entailment	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end natural language parsing."	"We investigate a wide range of metrics, including state-of-the-art word-based and novel grammar-based ones, and demonstrate that they only weakly reflect human judgements of system outputs as generated by data-driven, end-to-end NLG."	Named entities			World knowledge
922	entailment	"To assess the reliability of ratings, we calculated the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC), which measures inter-observer reliability on ordinal data for more than two raters (Landis and Koch, 1977)."	"To assess the unreliability of ratings, we calculated the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC), which measures inter-observer reliability on ordinal data for more than two raters (Landis and Koch, 1977)."	Morphological negation			Common sense
923	entailment	"To assess the unreliability of ratings, we calculated the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC), which measures inter-observer reliability on ordinal data for more than two raters (Landis and Koch, 1977)."	"To assess the reliability of ratings, we calculated the intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC), which measures inter-observer reliability on ordinal data for more than two raters (Landis and Koch, 1977)."	Morphological negation			Common sense
924	entailment	We also show that metric performance is data- and system-specific.	We also show that metric performance varies between datasets and systems.				Common sense
925	entailment	We also show that metric performance varies between datasets and systems.	We also show that metric performance is data- and system-specific.				Common sense
926	not_entailment	We also show that metric performance is data- and system-specific.	We also show that metric performance is constant between datasets and systems.				Common sense
927	not_entailment	We also show that metric performance is constant between datasets and systems.	We also show that metric performance is data- and system-specific.				Common sense
928	entailment	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at producing fluent outputs and generally score well on standard word-match metrics, but perform quite poorly at content selection and at capturing long-term structure."	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at surface-level language modeling, but perform quite poorly at capturing higher level semantics and structure."				World knowledge
929	entailment	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at surface-level language modeling, but perform quite poorly at capturing higher level semantics and structure."	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at producing fluent outputs and generally score well on standard word-match metrics, but perform quite poorly at content selection and at capturing long-term structure."				World knowledge
930	not_entailment	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at producing fluent outputs and generally score well on standard word-match metrics, but perform quite poorly at content selection and at capturing long-term structure."	Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at capturing higher level semantics and structure but perform quite poorly at surface-level language modeling.				World knowledge
931	not_entailment	Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at capturing higher level semantics and structure but perform quite poorly at surface-level language modeling.	"Our experiments indicate that neural systems are quite good at producing fluent outputs and generally score well on standard word-match metrics, but perform quite poorly at content selection and at capturing long-term structure."				World knowledge
932	entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.	Reconstruction-based techniques can operate on multiple scales during training.				Common sense
933	entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can operate on multiple scales during training.	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.				Common sense
934	not_entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during test.				Common sense
935	not_entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during test.	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.				Common sense
936	not_entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.	Reconstruction-based techniques can only be applied at the sentence-level during training.			Disjunction	
937	not_entailment	Reconstruction-based techniques can only be applied at the sentence-level during training.	Reconstruction-based techniques can also be applied at the document or sentence-level during training.			Disjunction	
938	not_entailment	"In practice, our proposed extractive evaluation will pick up on many errors in this passage."	"In practice, our proposed extractive evaluation will pick up on few errors in this passage."	Lexical entailment;Quantifiers			
939	not_entailment	"In practice, our proposed extractive evaluation will pick up on few errors in this passage."	"In practice, our proposed extractive evaluation will pick up on many errors in this passage."	Lexical entailment;Quantifiers			
940	entailment	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of passing the Bechdel test."	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of two named women characters talking about something besides men."				World knowledge
941	entailment	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of two named women characters talking about something besides men."	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of passing the Bechdel test."				World knowledge
942	not_entailment	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of passing the Bechdel test."	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of men in the narrative talking to each other about women."				World knowledge
943	not_entailment	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of men in the narrative talking to each other about women."	"Similarly, the use of more agent-empowering verbs in female narratives decrease the odds of passing the Bechdel test."				World knowledge
944	entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are more often in positions where they can forbid or permit actions and decisions."				Common sense
945	entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are more often in positions where they can forbid or permit actions and decisions."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."				Common sense
946	not_entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are more often in positions where they are blocked or allowed to do things by others."				Common sense
947	not_entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are more often in positions where they are blocked or allowed to do things by others."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."				Common sense
948	not_entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of low power."		Intersectivity;Ellipsis/Implicits		
949	not_entailment	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of low power."	"Furthermore, male characters use inhibitory language more (inhib), which contains words pertaining to blocking or allowing, suggesting that these characters are in positions of power."		Intersectivity;Ellipsis/Implicits		
950	not_entailment	Looking at pictures online of people trying to take photos of mirrors they want to sell is my new thing...	Looking at pictures online of people trying to take photos of mirrors is my new thing...		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
951	not_entailment	Looking at pictures online of people trying to take photos of mirrors is my new thing...	Looking at pictures online of people trying to take photos of mirrors they want to sell is my new thing...		Restrictivity	Non-monotone	
952	not_entailment	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	A tempestuous wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
953	not_entailment	A tempestuous wind rolled across the glade.	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
954	not_entailment	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	An easterly wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
955	not_entailment	An easterly wind rolled across the glade.	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
956	entailment	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	A calm wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
957	entailment	A calm wind rolled across the glade.	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	Lexical entailment			
958	entailment	A serene wind rolled across the glade.	A wind rolled across the glade.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
959	not_entailment	A wind rolled across the glade.	A serene wind rolled across the glade.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
960	entailment	The reaction was strongly exothermic.	The reaction media got very hot.				World knowledge
961	entailment	The reaction media got very hot.	The reaction was strongly exothermic.				World knowledge
962	not_entailment	The reaction was strongly exothermic.	The reaction media got very cold.				World knowledge
963	not_entailment	The reaction media got very cold.	The reaction was strongly exothermic.				World knowledge
964	not_entailment	The reaction was strongly endothermic.	The reaction media got very hot.				World knowledge
965	not_entailment	The reaction media got very hot.	The reaction was strongly endothermic.				World knowledge
966	entailment	The reaction was strongly endothermic.	The reaction media got very cold.				World knowledge
967	entailment	The reaction media got very cold.	The reaction was strongly endothermic.				World knowledge
968	entailment	"She didn't think I had already finished it, but I had."	I had already finished it.		Ellipsis/Implicits		
969	not_entailment	I had already finished it.	"She didn't think I had already finished it, but I had."		Ellipsis/Implicits		
970	not_entailment	"She didn't think I had already finished it, but I had."	I hadn't already finished it.	Factivity	Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
971	not_entailment	I hadn't already finished it.	"She didn't think I had already finished it, but I had."	Factivity	Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
972	not_entailment	"She thought I had already finished it, but I hadn't."	I had already finished it.		Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
973	not_entailment	I had already finished it.	"She thought I had already finished it, but I hadn't."		Ellipsis/Implicits	Negation	
974	entailment	"She thought I had already finished it, but I hadn't."	I hadn't already finished it.	Factivity	Ellipsis/Implicits		
975	not_entailment	I hadn't already finished it.	"She thought I had already finished it, but I hadn't."	Factivity	Ellipsis/Implicits		
976	entailment	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't make any specific claims."	Temple didn't make any specific claims.		Coordination scope		
977	not_entailment	Temple didn't make any specific claims.	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't make any specific claims."		Coordination scope		
978	not_entailment	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't make any specific claims."	The business didn't make any specific claims.		Coordination scope		
979	not_entailment	The business didn't make any specific claims.	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't make any specific claims."		Coordination scope		
980	not_entailment	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't have a chance of going into the red."	Temple didn't have a chance of going into the red.		Coordination scope		
981	not_entailment	Temple didn't have a chance of going into the red.	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't have a chance of going into the red."		Coordination scope		
982	entailment	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't have a chance of going into the red."	Temple said the business didn't have a chance of going into the red.		Coordination scope		
983	not_entailment	Temple said the business didn't have a chance of going into the red.	"Temple said that the business was facing difficulties, but didn't have a chance of going into the red."		Coordination scope		
984	entailment	The profits of the businesses that focused on branding were still negative.	The businesses that focused on branding still had negative profits.		Relative clauses		
985	entailment	The businesses that focused on branding still had negative profits.	The profits of the businesses that focused on branding were still negative.		Relative clauses		
986	not_entailment	The profits of the business that was most successful were still negative.	The profits that focused on branding were still negative.		Relative clauses		
987	not_entailment	The profits that focused on branding were still negative.	The profits of the business that was most successful were still negative.		Relative clauses		
988	not_entailment	The profits of the businesses that were highest this quarter were still negative.	The businesses that were highest this quarter still had negative profits.		Relative clauses		
989	not_entailment	The businesses that were highest this quarter still had negative profits.	The profits of the businesses that were highest this quarter were still negative.		Relative clauses		
990	entailment	The profits of the businesses that were highest this quarter were still negative.	"For the businesses, the profits that were highest were still negative."		Relative clauses		
991	entailment	"For the businesses, the profits that were highest were still negative."	The profits of the businesses that were highest this quarter were still negative.		Relative clauses		
992	not_entailment	I baked him a cake.	I baked him.		Datives		
993	not_entailment	I baked him.	I baked him a cake.		Datives		
994	entailment	I baked him a cake.	I baked a cake for him.		Datives		
995	entailment	I baked a cake for him.	I baked him a cake.		Datives		
996	entailment	I gave him a note.	I gave a note to him.		Datives		
997	entailment	I gave a note to him.	I gave him a note.		Datives		
998	entailment	Jake broke the vase.	The vase broke.		Core args		
999	not_entailment	The vase broke.	Jake broke the vase.		Core args		
1000	not_entailment	Jake broke the vase.	Jake broke.		Core args		
1001	not_entailment	Jake broke.	Jake broke the vase.		Core args		
1002	entailment	He is someone of many talents.	He has many talents.		Genitives/Partitives		
1003	entailment	He has many talents.	He is someone of many talents.		Genitives/Partitives		
1004	entailment	He is someone of many talents.	His talents are many.		Genitives/Partitives		
1005	entailment	His talents are many.	He is someone of many talents.		Genitives/Partitives		
1006	entailment	I don't want to have to keep fighting pesky bedbugs.	I don't want to have to keep fighting bedbugs—they are so pesk		Restrictivity;Anaphora/Coreference		
1007	entailment	I don't want to have to keep fighting bedbugs—they are so pesk	I don't want to have to keep fighting pesky bedbugs.		Restrictivity;Anaphora/Coreference		
1008	not_entailment	I don't want to have to keep entertaining people who don't value my time.	I don't want to have to keep entertaining people.		Restrictivity;Relative clauses	Downward monotone	
1009	entailment	I don't want to have to keep entertaining people.	I don't want to have to keep entertaining people who don't value my time.		Restrictivity;Relative clauses	Downward monotone	
1010	entailment	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.	There is a rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.			Double negation	
1011	entailment	There is a rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.			Double negation	
1012	not_entailment	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.	"There is no rabbi at this wedding, let alone behind that tree."			Double negation;Negation	
1013	not_entailment	"There is no rabbi at this wedding, let alone behind that tree."	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.			Double negation;Negation	
1014	entailment	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.	"A rabbi is at this wedding, standing right there standing behind that tree."		Anaphora/Coreference	Double negation	
1015	entailment	"A rabbi is at this wedding, standing right there standing behind that tree."	It's not the case that there is no rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.		Anaphora/Coreference	Double negation	
1016	entailment	There is a rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.	"A rabbi is at this wedding, standing right there standing behind that tree."		Anaphora/Coreference		
1017	entailment	"A rabbi is at this wedding, standing right there standing behind that tree."	There is a rabbi at this wedding; he is right there standing behind that tree.		Anaphora/Coreference		
1018	not_entailment	The first pleasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.	The first experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1019	not_entailment	The first experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.	The first pleasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1020	not_entailment	The first pleasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.	The first displeasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1021	not_entailment	The first displeasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.	The first pleasurable experience I had interacting with another human being was at the age of seventeen.		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1022	entailment	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."	He is over 20 years of age.			Intervals/Numbers	World knowledge
1023	not_entailment	He is over 20 years of age.	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."			Intervals/Numbers	World knowledge
1024	not_entailment	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."	He is under 21 years of age.			Intervals/Numbers	World knowledge
1025	not_entailment	He is under 21 years of age.	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."			Intervals/Numbers	World knowledge
1026	not_entailment	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."	He has a beard.				World knowledge
1027	not_entailment	He has a beard.	"It being his first night in the US, he eagerly got a drink at the bar after showing his ID."				World knowledge
1028	entailment	"I can make scrambled eggs, but not complex dishes like consommé"	Consommé is more complex to make than scrambled eggs				Common sense
1029	not_entailment	Consommé is more complex to make than scrambled eggs	"I can make scrambled eggs, but not complex dishes like consommé"				Common sense
1030	not_entailment	"I can make scrambled eggs, but not complex dishes like consommé"	Consommé is not more complex to make than scrambled eggs			Negation	Common sense
1031	not_entailment	Consommé is not more complex to make than scrambled eggs	"I can make scrambled eggs, but not complex dishes like consommé"			Negation	Common sense
1032	entailment	"She walked into the house with a shining smile and immediately took off her jacket, still dripping with water as she placed it on the rack."	It was raining outside.				Common sense
1033	not_entailment	It was raining outside.	"She walked into the house with a shining smile and immediately took off her jacket, still dripping with water as she placed it on the rack."				Common sense
1034	not_entailment	"She walked into the house with a shining smile and immediately took off her jacket, still dripping with water as she placed it on the rack."	It was sunny outside.				Common sense
1035	not_entailment	It was sunny outside.	"She walked into the house with a shining smile and immediately took off her jacket, still dripping with water as she placed it on the rack."				Common sense
1036	entailment	"He earnestly proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""	He was satisfied.				Common sense
1037	not_entailment	He was satisfied.	"He earnestly proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""				Common sense
1038	not_entailment	"He earnestly proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""	He was dissatisfied.				Common sense
1039	not_entailment	He was dissatisfied.	"He earnestly proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""				Common sense
1040	not_entailment	"He deceitfully proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""	He was satisfied.				Common sense
1041	not_entailment	He was satisfied.	"He deceitfully proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""				Common sense
1042	entailment	"He deceitfully proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""	He was dissatisfied.				Common sense
1043	not_entailment	He was dissatisfied.	"He deceitfully proclaimed: ""This is all I ever really wanted."""				Common sense
1044	entailment	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	The leading car shifted to the left lane.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
1045	not_entailment	The leading car shifted to the left lane.	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.		Intersectivity	Upward monotone	
1046	not_entailment	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	The leading car suddenly shifted to the left lane.	Lexical entailment			
1047	not_entailment	The leading car suddenly shifted to the left lane.	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	Lexical entailment			
1048	entailment	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	The leading car slowly shifted to the left lane.	Lexical entailment			
1049	entailment	The leading car slowly shifted to the left lane.	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	Lexical entailment			
1050	not_entailment	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.	The leading car shifted to the third gear.		Prepositional phrases		
1051	not_entailment	The leading car shifted to the third gear.	The leading car gradually shifted to the left lane.		Prepositional phrases		
1052	not_entailment	We were dragging the bin into the garage when she had an unfortunate realization.	We were dragging the bin out of the garage when she had an unfortunate realization.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
1053	not_entailment	We were dragging the bin out of the garage when she had an unfortunate realization.	We were dragging the bin into the garage when she had an unfortunate realization.	Lexical entailment			Common sense
1054	not_entailment	"The building, standing since the early 20s, was tall and unassuming."	"The building, standing since the early 20s, was sturdy and unassuming."	Lexical entailment			
1055	not_entailment	"The building, standing since the early 20s, was sturdy and unassuming."	"The building, standing since the early 20s, was tall and unassuming."	Lexical entailment			
1056	not_entailment	"The timing of the meeting has not been set, according to a Starbucks spokesperson."	"The timing of the meeting has not been considered, according to a Starbucks spokesperson."	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
1057	entailment	"The timing of the meeting has not been considered, according to a Starbucks spokesperson."	"The timing of the meeting has not been set, according to a Starbucks spokesperson."	Lexical entailment		Downward monotone	
1058	not_entailment	The customers said they were waiting for another man to arrive.	The customers believed they were waiting for another man to arrive.	Lexical entailment			
1059	not_entailment	The customers believed they were waiting for another man to arrive.	The customers said they were waiting for another man to arrive.	Lexical entailment			
1060	not_entailment	"Some of the orator's statements were incomprehensible, but the crowd loved them."	"Some of the orator's statements were comprehensible, but the crowd loved them."	Morphological negation		Upward monotone	
1061	not_entailment	"Some of the orator's statements were comprehensible, but the crowd loved them."	"Some of the orator's statements were incomprehensible, but the crowd loved them."	Morphological negation		Upward monotone	
1062	not_entailment	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.	I won't say that she stole my money.	Factivity		Negation	
1063	not_entailment	I won't say that she stole my money.	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.	Factivity		Negation	
1064	not_entailment	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.	I will say that she stole my money.	Factivity		Double negation	
1065	not_entailment	I will say that she stole my money.	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.	Factivity		Double negation	
1066	not_entailment	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.	I will say that she stole my money.			Negation	
1067	not_entailment	I will say that she stole my money.	I won't say that she didn't steal my money.			Negation	
1068	entailment	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.	There are some amazing hikes in Japan.			Upward monotone	World knowledge
1069	not_entailment	There are some amazing hikes in Japan.	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.			Upward monotone	World knowledge
1070	not_entailment	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.	There are some amazing hikes in Nepal.			Upward monotone	World knowledge
1071	not_entailment	There are some amazing hikes in Nepal.	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.			Upward monotone	World knowledge
1072	not_entailment	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.	There are some strenuous hikes around Mt. Fuji.	Lexical entailment		Upward monotone	
1073	not_entailment	There are some strenuous hikes around Mt. Fuji.	There are some amazing hikes around Mt. Fuji.	Lexical entailment		Upward monotone	
1074	not_entailment	An experienced sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	A sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
1075	entailment	A sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	An experienced sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
1076	not_entailment	An experienced sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	An Italian sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
1077	not_entailment	An Italian sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	An experienced sommelier knows the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity	Downward monotone	
1078	not_entailment	A fraudulent sommelier won't know the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	A sommelier won't know the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity		
1079	not_entailment	A sommelier won't know the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.	A fraudulent sommelier won't know the difference between the 2009 and 2013 vintage of a German Riesling.		Intersectivity		
1080	entailment	"Two of the three trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"Of the three trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, two have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Anaphora/Coreference;Prepositional phrases		
1081	entailment	"Of the three trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, two have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"Two of the three trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Anaphora/Coreference;Prepositional phrases		
1082	not_entailment	"Two of the trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"Of the trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, three have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Anaphora/Coreference;Prepositional phrases		
1083	not_entailment	"Of the trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, three have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"Two of the trees outside my window, with their branches dangling and swaying in the wind, have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Anaphora/Coreference;Prepositional phrases		
1084	not_entailment	"So far two of my cherry trees have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"So far two of my trees have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1085	not_entailment	"So far two of my trees have already bloomed, and it's not even April."	"So far two of my cherry trees have already bloomed, and it's not even April."		Intersectivity	Non-monotone	
1086	entailment	"The book astounds with Grossman's rich, deep character development and portrayal of suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	"The book astounds as Grossman richly, deeply develops characters and portrays suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."		Nominalization		
1087	entailment	"The book astounds as Grossman richly, deeply develops characters and portrays suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	"The book astounds with Grossman's rich, deep character development and portrayal of suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."		Nominalization		
1088	not_entailment	"The book astounds with Grossman's rich, deep character development and portrayal of suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	"The book astounds as Grossman richly, deeply develops characters and ignores suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
1089	not_entailment	"The book astounds as Grossman richly, deeply develops characters and ignores suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	"The book astounds with Grossman's rich, deep character development and portrayal of suffering, but his portrayal of women still suffers from a lot of the unfortunate stereotypes and moralizing that we would expect of a writer from his time."	Lexical entailment	Nominalization		
1090	entailment	I ate until it was uncomfortable to eat more.	I ate until I was full.				Common sense
1091	entailment	I ate until I was full.	I ate until it was uncomfortable to eat more.				Common sense
1092	entailment	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.	He's the kind of Jew who doesn't adhere to all of the rules.				World knowledge
1093	not_entailment	He's the kind of Jew who doesn't adhere to all of the rules.	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.				World knowledge
1094	not_entailment	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.	He's the kind of Jew who rejects every facet of Jewish identity and culture.				World knowledge
1095	not_entailment	He's the kind of Jew who rejects every facet of Jewish identity and culture.	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.				World knowledge
1096	not_entailment	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.	He's the kind of Jew who avoids switching the lights during Shabbat.				World knowledge
1097	not_entailment	He's the kind of Jew who avoids switching the lights during Shabbat.	He's the kind of Jew who eats bagels with lox every morning during Passover.				World knowledge
1098	entailment	People wear tunics or shirts of some form or another in many world cultures.	Tunics or shirts of some form or another are worn in many world cultures.		Active/Passive		
1099	entailment	Tunics or shirts of some form or another are worn in many world cultures.	People wear tunics or shirts of some form or another in many world cultures.		Active/Passive		
1100	not_entailment	A general artificial intelligence should always come with an off switch.	The new general artificial intelligence I'm developing shouldn't come with an off switch.			Universal;Negation	
1101	not_entailment	The new general artificial intelligence I'm developing shouldn't come with an off switch.	A general artificial intelligence should always come with an off switch.			Universal;Negation	
1102	entailment	A general artificial intelligence should always come with an off switch.	The new general artificial intelligence I'm developing should come with an off switch.			Universal	
1103	not_entailment	The new general artificial intelligence I'm developing should come with an off switch.	A general artificial intelligence should always come with an off switch.			Universal	
